Hey guys, welcome to the very first episode, the pilot episode of The Daily Churn.
Although technically this isn't actually the first episode, I recorded one a couple days
before this and it ended up running almost two hours, which I think is a little bit too
long.
So I'm going to try and cut it down to 15-20 minutes, which I think probably means I will
only be talking about one subject per episode, but the goal is to kind of make it like a
bite-sized thing that you can listen to while driving and provide a bit of tips, tricks
and maybe just general inspiration and motivation to keep on churning because as we know with
this hobby, there's definitely a lot of ups and downs.
Some days everything's posting correctly and your bank account bonuses are triggering and
you're getting approved for credit cards and other days you're in Amex pop-up jail and
referral bonuses aren't tracking and Swagbucks isn't responding.
So for today, I think I'll just focus on one aspect of churning, which is bank accounts
and not even bank account bonuses, but just actual bank accounts, like checking savings
accounts that have a good interest where you can park your money and specifically the HM
Bradley account, which has just been a huge game changer for my wife and I, my P2, in
terms of giving us a super convenient place to check out our savings accounts.
So I'm going to talk a little bit about that.
So I think most of you are probably familiar with this account already, but whether you
have it or not, I think there's a couple useful things that I've sort of found out along the
way that will make the account a lot easier to both open, maintain, meet the requirements
and maintain some level of liquidity in your account.
And what I mean by that is HM Bradley is unique in the sense that it has two requirements
that you don't see with other accounts.
So a little bit of background on it is that it's a 3% interest rate account for $100,000,
up to $100,000 in savings, which is far and large the best place to park money currently
in terms of savings account compared to all the other options out there, which prior to
HM Bradley, I'm in P1, P2 mode with my wife, we had eight or 10 accounts between various
little credit unions.
You know, like Evansville Teachers Credit Union, Heritage Bank, LMCU, Consumers Credit
Union, all these guys.
And, you know, they're offering 3%, which is great, but only up to $25,000.
And they had weird little requirements that they each wanted.
Like you wanted, they want you to log in X number of times a month, which you could then
work around using Mint to auto log in.
They want, some of them want like 20 debit card transactions a month, which then means
you have to do.
Amazon reloads and with four accounts on my end and four or five accounts on my wife's
end, we're doing a couple hundred Amazon reloads a month, which then you start looking into
like automated options that some people have posted on our churning.
And it's a whole thing, right?
And you're maintaining so many of these little accounts at these random credit unions that
are also just generally difficult to use.
Their websites, because they're so small, look like they're built in the nineties.
And they each have their own little quirks.
Most recently with Heritage Bank, we've stopped using it because we've switched completely
over to HM Bradley.
And they sent us a notice in the mail saying that our account is currently inactive and
they're going to move it into a dormant status and charge us $10 a month for it to be in
a dormant state.
Or we could call in and cancel and close the account.
So it's just like these.
Little frustrating things that pile up when you start adding a lot of these accounts that
add to the headache.
And that's where HM Bradley really swooped in and kind of conquered the savings account
side of things.
They are kind of like a newish fintechy company.
So the Web interface is really nice, really easy to use.
But the thing that they did differently and, you know, apparently it's working because I
think they just raised more venture capital funding.
Is that.
They've implemented a couple of requirements designed to have you deposit money, your payroll
as much as your payroll as possible in there a month and keep it in there.
So the two HM Bradley requirements work really well together in tandem to essentially highly
disincentivize you to withdraw money out while incentivizing you to continuing depositing
your paycheck in even after you've reached the $100,000.
So you're getting that 3%.
And so we'll go into the first of the requirements, which is just that they want you to deposit
payroll into the accounts every month in order to maintain the 3% interest on any money you
have in there.
Now, if you are unemployed or self-employed, this can be challenging because they have
their own system of whitelisting and blacklisting what kind of direct deposits they decide to
constitute as a employer payroll.
Now, the workaround, if you are unemployed or self-employed, is using Square and Gusto.
Those are self-service payroll providers that you can just sign up on and pay $5 to $6 a
month and set yourself up as a contractor and essentially deposit money into those accounts.
Now, originally, on my first recording in this podcast, I went pretty deep into the
differences between Square and Gusto.
I may do a separate video on that.
But in a nutshell, I would recommend you use Square.
They don't do any tax reporting on your behalf, which is good in this case because you don't
necessarily want the money you transfer into HM Bradley where you set yourself up as a
contractor to then be reported to the IRS that you are paying yourself as a contractor,
right?
That's additional tax liability.
So using Square is pretty easy.
It's this really basic UI, $6 a month with Square, and you'll be able to essentially
pay yourself.
And Square payroll, as well as Gusto, are both classified automatically by HM Bradley
as employer payroll.
So that's a great option if you're self-employed or unemployed and you're looking to use this
account.
Now, even if you're employed, it's still useful because not all employers offer the
ability for you to split your payroll.
Like, if you have $100,000 in there, you don't necessarily want your $5,000, $10,000 paycheck
each month to keep going entirely into HM Bradley.
So if you're in one of those situations where you're not going to earn interest, you'd want
maybe like $10 or $100 to go in just to trigger the requirement.
But again, not all employers offer that.
So if you're in one of those situations, then again, Square or Gusto is a great option.
Now, the method I personally use, which isn't Gusto or Square, is more along the lines of
figuring out what the HM Bradley whitelisting algorithm uses to decide whether or not your
direct deposit is an employer direct deposit.
Because you're not going to earn interest.
You're not going to earn interest.
You're not going to earn interest.
You're not going to earn interest.
You know, direct deposits are senses, you know, automated clearinghouse transfers, and
there's no additional info provided.
There's no tag or category that the sending bank gets to put on there that says, hey,
this is an employer payroll, this is a social security benefit, etc.
Like, the only thing that gets passed along is the sending bank's name, as well as a descriptor.
The sending bank and the descriptor are the two.
They're the two things that most banks are using to determine whether or not an employer
payroll is an employer payroll, and each bank institutes that differently.
So with HM Bradley, one thing that they're definitely looking for is the word payroll
in the descriptor, and that's why Square and Gusto both are able to trigger the employer
direct deposit part automatically.
The discovery that I made recently was that an additional thing they're looking for is
the word LLC.
The way I discovered that was, you know, on the DOC comments, someone had mentioned that
their Charles Schwab push had triggered the direct deposit requirement for the month,
which initially I was thinking, oh, maybe it's something to do with brokerages are able
to pass through effectively.
So I didn't have a Charles Schwab account, but I did have a Chase Uinvest account.
So I decided to transfer money from Chase Uinvest over to HM Bradley.
And when you transfer from Chase Uinvest, they recently rebranded as Chase Brokerage,
and they set up their own LLC.
So what shows up when you make that transfer is JPMC LLC as the sending bank.
Whereas if you just sent money from like your Chase Bank account, I believe that just shows
up as Chase Bank, which wouldn't trigger it.
Now, JPMC LLC did trigger the employer payroll requirements.
And my feeling, too, is that potentially Charles Schwab, when you transfer from their brokerage,
is maybe also something like Charles Schwab LLC.
Untested, because I don't have a Charles Schwab account, but I can confirm that Chase Uinvest
slash Chase Brokerage, if you transfer money, like you put some cash in there and you transfer
the cash from that account into HM Bradley, that will trigger the requirements.
And you save yourself the hassle of setting up Square, hassle of setting up Gusto, and,
you know, the potential of having to pay five or six dollars.
Now, there's reasons beyond just HM Bradley why Square and Gusto could be useful generally
for your churning efforts, especially if you're doing bank accounts.
But I will save that for another time and go into the second requirement that HM Bradley
imposes.
So the second requirement that HM Bradley has is definitely the most unique.
I have not seen that with any other bank accounts.
And I think it's probably the one that's contributing most.
To how they're getting more funding, you know, because it really does result in more
money being saved with them and then potentially paying less interest.
And the requirement is that the amount of money you deposit on a given quarter, so however
much you're pushing in, either manually or through your employer payroll, you can only
withdraw up to 80 percent, as in they want you to keep 20 percent of that into your account.
For most of us, I think using this account.
Such a high cap on interest is we're using it to park money, right?
And you're parking money for a variety of reasons.
You know, either you just don't believe in the stock market or you want to save haven
or you're saving for a down payment on your house.
You're parking that money in.
And what you're likely doing is you're putting in that full hundred thousand dollars right
off the bat to start earning that three percent.
And if you use some of the advice from earlier, you're only putting in 10 to 100 dollars a
month from payroll, whether that's by splitting your employer payroll or you are using Square
Augusto or you're using one of the brokerages that have or any bank really that has LLC
in the name.
So things are going well.
You know, you're making your three percent interest and the quarter goes by.
Now you need 50 grand for a down payment on an apartment.
And the problem is that when you withdraw that 50 thousand dollars.
In that first quarter where you deposited the hundred thousand dollars, you had the
ability to take out up to 80 percent of that and still qualify for the three percent here
for the next quarter.
So that's fine.
But if you had it in there for six months, when you now want to take out that 50 thousand
dollars, you're going to lose the three percent here for the next quarter, because let's say
you're depositing one hundred dollars each month from payroll.
So in a quarter, you're depositing.
Three hundred dollars, HM Bradley looks at how much you deposited in that quarter, three
hundred dollars and says, you can take out 80 percent of that and we need you to keep at
least 20 percent of that so you can take out 80 percent of three hundred dollars in that
quarter. If you take out more like you take out fifty thousand dollars, they look at how
much you deposited that quarter, three hundred dollars, and look at how much you took out
that quarter, fifty thousand dollars.
And now you're so far negative that.
You know, you're just not going to qualify that quarter, right, unless you put a lot more
money in. So the liquidity issue has been the thorn that's turned off a few of my friends on
this account when I recommend it to them, because they are going to use that money in the
next 12 or 24 months and they don't want to lose the three percent, because at that point,
if you're going to lose three percent and you're going to get like zero percent on your
hundred thousand dollars, you may as well just put it in the stock market, which is what
they are doing.
So.
Workarounds to that.
Now, this one was shared by someone on DOC commenting, and it's a great technique.
It's not going to last forever, but it buys you a lot of time.
And what I mean by that is on the quarter where you deposit one hundred thousand dollars,
you will earn three percent as long as you don't take out more than 80 percent.
But you want some kind of liquidity, right?
You want some ability to access that money in the following quarter.
So the workaround is that at the end of the quarter, the quarter where you deposited one
hundred K, you withdraw 80 percent.
So if you put in one hundred K January 1st before March 31st, you will want to take out
$80,000.
The reason you take that out is because you will still qualify for the three percent here.
And what you can then do is that $80,000 on April 1st, the start of the new quarter, there's a
$80,000 deposit right back in and now quarter of April through end of June, quarter two,
HM Bradley will see, oh, you deposited $80,000 with us.
You're able to take out 80 percent of $80,000 and still keep your three percent here for Q3.
Now, if you're following that logic, then Q3, you'll put in $64,000 of which you can take out
80 percent and so on.
And so there is a end date for how long you can do this.
And with each subsequent quarter, you are getting access to less and less of your money.
And the reason this provides liquidity is that you take out the $80,000 in the first quarter.
You don't have to put it all back in.
Right.
You now have access to that $80,000 to use on a down payment.
However, by quarter two, you only have $64,000.
And then by quarter three, 64 times, let's see here, 0.8.
Did not do the math right there.
There we go.
64 times 0.8, you'll have $51,000.
Then by Q4, times that by 0.8, you'll have $41,000.
And so this will give you liquid access to your funds at a diminishing rate.
Over the course of two, three years, you know, and it slowly gets less until it's
pretty much negligible.
But, you know, you are getting two, three years worth of 3% interest.
And especially if you're in P1, P2 mode, this is where you can really start to maximize
this and extend the shelf life of this method.
Because what you can do here is have P1 open just the one account initially and put in
$100,000.
Then in two to three years, whenever the amount you can withdraw each quarter becomes too
low for your comfort, you can then open an account for P2 and P2 can start that process
again and you can decide what you want to do with P1's account.
But with P2 now, you also, you've reset the clock, right, on these withdrawals each month.
And when P2 runs out, you can actually create a.
Joint account with HM Bradley, which is separate from P1 and P2's account.
So you have up to three times to do this.
And if each account gives you about two to three years, you're looking at eight to nine
years worth of work in this method, which like quite honestly, like who knows what the
interest rate landscape is going to look like even in the next two, three years, right?
Feds are going to be changing rates.
HM Bradley might change their structure.
They may go out of business.
You know, the option is there and it's, I think, nice to know that you could potentially
carry this out long term and still maintain some amount of liquidity and then to automate
some things you can use like Ally, for example, to just schedule, you calculate how much the
withdrawals inputs and outputs are and just automate that on a quarterly basis.
Although I would probably recommend against automating because you only need to do this
once a quarter.
And where automation might bite you in the ass is if you are in a quarter where, let's
say, the 31st of that month ends on is a Sunday, right?
And now you scheduled your money to come out like usually three or four days before the
end of the quarter.
But if it happens to be a weekend or a holiday, your three to four days, the withdrawal may
not come out until the beginning of the following quarter, which will completely fuck it up.
Because you need to have it's it's calculated quarter by quarter, right?
So you have to be aware of like what what days are at the end of the quarter, whether
there's holidays, weekends.
And at that point, you may as well just set yourself a reminder to just check in like
a week before the end of each quarter and look at the calendar and and see how you want
to do it, which is which is what I currently have.
All right.
So those are the two methods for one, maintaining liquidity in your account.
Such a large cash balance and two for finding a way to meet the employer payroll requirement
when you don't have employer payroll or you don't have the ability to split employer payroll.
All right, guys, that's it for the first episode of The Daily Churn.
Hopefully you guys found that useful, but I would love to hear your feedback.
Seriously, because I know when I talk about churning with my wife, her eyes definitely
start to glaze over and I'm hoping that's not the case with you guys here.
But if it is.
Please let me know.
Let me know things that I can do differently to keep it interesting.
And, you know, honestly, if it's not that useful, I'm totally OK with not doing more
episodes, too.
You won't hurt my feelings.
It would save, I think, all of us a lot of time in the long run.
But if we do continue, I think episode two will probably be about Square and Gusto and
some nuances between those two.
And, you know, I think people had some concerns about like what forms are going to be submitted.
Is there any tap?
Tax implications, setting yourself up as a contractor, et cetera.
And I've used both pretty heavily, one for my actual work and one for the purposes of churning.
And then also some bank accounts where Square or Gusto will be useful for in terms of hitting
those bonus requirements.
So, yeah, stay tuned, hopefully, but leave some comments, please, and let me know what
you thought.
Thanks, guys.
See ya.