Hey guys, welcome to another episode of The Daily Churn.
Today we'll be going into meal kits.
Originally I was going to do something on Square and Gusto
since we talked about HM Bradley last week,
but I've been churning meal kits pretty heavily for many months now
and just this week I reactivated a bunch of ones that I'd cancelled before
because they were offering the same kinds of offers
they'd offered for first sign-up for reactivation.
It just basically extended the longevity on a lot of these
and honestly I think this is the best it's ever going to be
in terms of the amount of money back they're giving us.
Looking back we've probably done about over eight months,
I think like a hundred plus dinners,
so like 200-ish individual meals for two people
and they on average end up being,
with all the discounts,
end up being around,
we try and shoot for like $10 per dinner for two people,
which for the quality of stuff you're getting is actually just an amazing deal.
I mean, I think a lot of the questions people have
who are on the fence or haven't really considered doing this is
they're not sure about the quality of the food
and the value you're actually getting
and I'll go into both of those in a little bit,
but essentially we're in a prime time right now for meal kits
because they are being so heavily,
so heavily funded by venture capital funding.
It's like back when Uber and Lyfts used to be super cheap
because they were losing money constantly
and since then they've jacked up the prices.
We're currently in that sort of a honeymoon period with meal kits
where during the pandemic,
these VCs basically realized that a lot of people
were jumping on the meal kit train
and have just pumped a ton of money
into the handful of companies that are out there
that do this service.
And I've essentially for the last eight months
just been eating the rewards of the venture capital funding
and that's going to dry up eventually.
You know, some of these will go out of business.
At minimum, they're going to reduce their offers,
but right now they're in a hyper competitive state
where they're trying to gain users,
trying to gain subscribers
and they're each trying to beat each other's offers.
So if there's ever a time to do it,
now is the time.
And yeah, let's dive into some of the,
the value proposition of doing this
and generally just the churnability.
Okay, so what is the price per box or per meal
after you factor in the various discounts and offers?
And this is actually a complicated one
because when you initially start looking
at these offers online,
you'll see things like get $100 off Green Chef
or get $90 off Blue Apron.
And a lot of them don't actually even tell you,
exactly how their discount structure works
until you give them your email,
which it's a bit shady.
The whole thing is if you visit any of these sites,
you're going to be slammed with like three or four
different pop-ups as you try and exit
that keep increasing their offers, et cetera.
So they're very much in a marketing focused phase, I guess.
And the discounts are structured in that sort of a way as well,
where when they say you get $100 off,
it's spread out across boxes.
And depending on the service,
you use the way they spread it out across boxes is different.
And that's going to factor into how you want to churn them.
With Blue Apron, which is actually one I wouldn't recommend
because the offers aren't so good
or the way they structure it is not so good,
is they're for $100 off,
they're giving you $20 off per box over five boxes.
And with the price of a box,
which usually contains three dinners, two servings each.
So essentially six meals.
If you think of it for two people,
those usually range from with Blue Apron,
I think it's like $68 a box.
But generally with all of these services,
they range from like that $68 to $80.
And with only $20 off, let's say it's $70.
You take 20 off, you're paying $50.
So you're looking at $16, $17 a dinner,
which is just not that good.
You know, it's, I mean, it's not terrible,
given that these actually do for the most part, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste, taste.
Taste really, actually really good.
You know, like definitely restaurant quality.
I would order this somewhere and pay someone to make it type of a quality,
which is surprising, but it's, yeah,
they've all been consistently pretty good,
but you're still paying like $17.
And whereas I try and target ones where you can get that down to like $10 a dinner, right?
Cause that $10 for a meal for two, you're looking at like,
that's like the price of like a Burger King or an In-N-Out,
except the food quality is much better.
And depending on the food,
depending on your dietary choices,
there's gonna be a lot of different varieties
if you wanna go like more vegetarian, more meat focused.
So discount structure is definitely something
you wanna keep in mind.
Green Chef, for example, has a pretty good one.
Same with Hello Fresh.
They do where the first box,
you get more money off than the second box.
And then the third and fourth and fifth box are less money.
So with those, what you're able to do,
for example, with,
let's say Hello Fresh,
you're getting,
I think right now it's $36 off your first box.
And at the kit being like $70,
right off the bat,
your first box is only gonna be 35 bucks, right?
That's 11 to $12 for the dinner.
So immediately that's already a much better offer.
And you can, on later boxes,
just either skip the meals or cancel your plan,
but it gets better once you start stacking
with other offers as well.
And so with stacking, you can improve that
where the easiest stacks you can do
is through credit cards like Amex and Chase.
They usually have offers going
for at least one of these meal kit companies.
I've had them on Hello Fresh.
I've had them on Home Chef, Green Chef, Sun Basket.
Yeah, if you just use that to pick which one you go for next,
the offers are for the most part of being like 10 to 20% off.
So like if you're doing Hello Fresh
and it's $36 for the first meal
and you're getting 20% off of that,
you're bringing that price down to under 30,
which again, works out really well.
You can also look for places like Swagbucks
when you sign up for one of these offers.
And those have been pretty good too.
They tend to be like in the range of 5,000 to 7,000 Swagbucks,
which is 50 to $70 for signing up for one of these services.
When you click the link through to the service,
you're still most of the time getting the offer
that that service is running at the current time.
Again, let's say with Hello Fresh,
if you're getting that offer of $100 off
spread across four boxes,
where your first box you're getting like $36 off,
that stacks with Swagbucks offering you 5,000 Swagbucks.
So that makes that deal even sweeter.
But one thing to keep in mind is you are ultimately
still doing that through Swagbucks.
Definitely hit or miss when it comes to
actually crediting you these offers.
I've had, let's see, Green Chef one
that went through smoothly, no issues.
Sunbasket, both Sunbasket offers I've tried
on both my account and my P2s have not tracked
and have needed me to message them directly.
So, you know, that's just Swagbucks being Swagbucks though.
And probably at some point, if I keep doing this podcast,
I'm gonna do a full episode on Swagbucks.
Because that is a whole nother story.
But if you're familiar with it or you wanna try it,
there's no harm in going through Swagbucks.
The worst that would happen is they don't credit you
and they don't respond to your ticket.
But you're still getting the offer
from the Food Meal Kit service site directly as well.
Now, another one you may be tempted to try and stack with
is Rakuten.
But the issue with Rakuten is it's hit or miss.
So what I mean by that is sometimes when you click the Rakuten link,
it's hit or miss.
And what I mean by that is sometimes when you click the Rakuten link,
it's hit or miss. And what I mean by that is sometimes when you click the Rakuten link,
it's hit or miss. And what I mean by that is sometimes when you click the Rakuten link,
and it's like, you'll get $30 off at Blue Apron through Rakuten.
You click the link, and the offer that Blue Apron was originally offering,
which was, I think right now, $90 on your first, I think, four boxes.
When you click Rakuten, which is offering a $30 cashback,
you're then linked to the Blue Apron offer of $60 off of four boxes.
So essentially, it ends up being a net zero effect,
at which point you may as well just go through
Blue Apron.
But that's not always the case.
I just tried with Rakuten and Green Chef,
and I think they're offering like 22.5% cashback.
And to clarify, that cashback is only on the first box.
Rakuten tracks the checkout screen,
and you're only gonna hit that checkout screen once,
which is when you're first signing up,
getting the first box,
and inputting your credit card information.
And with Rakuten and Green Chef,
yeah, you're getting the 22% off,
and the offer on Green Chef remained the same
as what they're offering everyone publicly,
which is $90 off across four boxes.
So it's hit or miss.
It's definitely worth looking just to see.
And also keep in mind,
you can only use Swagbucks or Rakuten,
so definitely do a bit of research
to see which one is gonna be offering
the best deal at the end of the day
once you factor in the offer from the meal kit
plus whatever Swagbucks and Rakuten is showing for you.
But yeah, once you factor in the offer for the meal kit,
factor in the discount structure of the offer that's being applied, and then you use an Amex
or Chase, and then you stack it with the Swagbucks or Rakuten, you're really looking at under $30
per box, which is under $30 essentially for three dinners or six meals. And that ends up being
less than $5 per person or $10 a dinner, which if you don't mind doing a little bit of cooking,
it's an amazing offer and definitely something that I would recommend people try.
So then the next question is always longevity, right? How churnable are these and how long can
you extend it? And speaking from my own experience, we've literally been getting
meal kits almost every week for the last eight months. So there's definitely a long-term ability
to do this. And if you're pretty price conscious on how much you spend on food,
if you just do one meal kit a week at, let's say, $30-ish over the course of a month,
you're paying like $120. And the meal kit only feeds you for like three dinners. So
that's probably like half of what you'd actually end up spending on food because it only covers
half of your meals for the week, but it ends up being really good. It's reduced our food budget
down to just a few hundred dollars a month for two. And so the way you churn this is, first off,
bar no household limits. They don't care how many people you have in your house. It's not like
some other offers where it's like banks sometimes do like a one per house. At some point, I would
imagine they would check, but honestly, they're just so busy signing up new subscribers and
pumping up their stats for their various rounds of funding that I honestly don't think they're
doing any kind of like validations or checks. So if you're in P1, P2, that's obviously two
people right there. And then, you know, hey, however many children you think live in your
house, you can just keep doing it that way and using new emails and making new accounts.
Then there's the reactivation offers that they give, which, so you sign up for one of these and
let's say it's HelloFresh, which is one of our favorites, actually. HelloFresh by box three and
box four and box five, the discount's $10 off a box, which makes it not worth it. So
you basically cancel your account after the second box. Then at first, I didn't realize
this was a thing, but they literally mailed us a flyer to our postbox that was maybe a month or
two after I canceled my account that said, hey, come back, reactivate your account, use this
promo code, and you'll get the next 14 meals free, which they phrase the marketing language
in different ways. But it's essentially the same offer, or sometimes they increase it a little
bit. But yeah, they just want you to continue their service, and you're essentially just
restarting your offer again. So there's some natural churnability that way. Not all of them
do that, though, and some don't mail you stuff. You have to just log in and see if it happens.
HelloFresh definitely does that. Then there's Green Chef, which just yesterday I logged back in
to my deactivated account, and it was showing the exact same offer again for reactivating. So
now back to doing Green Chef. So generally, the way we try and do it for weeks where we're lazy
and we don't want to have to do a bunch of shopping or thinking about what to cook is we
try and have one box come early in the week, like Monday, and another box come on a Thursday or
Friday. Between those two boxes, that pretty much covers your six meals for the week, and we sort of
just fend for ourselves for a meal. But yeah, running two boxes at the same time is...
definitely the way to go if you want to save money, because doing it that way, you end up paying
definitely under $2.50 for the whole month for food for the majority of the month for two people,
which is just such an amazing deal. Another thing that sort of accidentally
extended our longevity on a lot of these boxes, and I'll talk about this in a little bit too,
which is just the quirks with these boxes, because it's not all sunshine and roses, but
one thing that sort of accidentally happened is that credits and refunds will extend your ability
to just keep, stay signed up with one of these offers. And the reason it's even worth bringing
up is because these companies have, while their food is honestly amazing and the menus are unique,
they definitely have supply chain issues and just, I guess, like assembly line issues. There has
consistently...
always been a problem with any service we've signed up, whether it's like it's missing some
ingredient or more atrociously, once we tried vegetarian one of the weeks and they sent us three
meat meals that we hadn't selected at all, which if you're trying not to eat meat, sending three
meat meals is literally the opposite of what you're looking for. Sometimes like one meal would
be missing out of the box.
Sometimes it'd be like a, it's a ginger stir fry and the ginger is not in the box. So anytime you
have one of those issues, contact customer service. And for the most part, they've been
refunding the entire box. And so it varies by, again, by service with HelloFresh, you need to
just call them and it's a no questions asked policy. You tell them what was wrong and they'll
give you a credit. Now with HelloFresh, it gets, and this may be the,
case with some other ones, but not all of them. But the way the credits work though is that they
don't stack your credit with your offer. So if you have an offer for five boxes where you're
getting a discount, you have to wait till that offer runs out or you call them to remove the
offer before the credit gets applied. Hope that makes sense. So essentially like even if by box
five, you're only getting $10 off from your signup offer.
Your $70 that you just got credited for a bad box won't apply until you use that offer up
completely. So the best thing to do at that point is just to call them and just have them remove
the offer because $10 off a box is kind of pointless, right? And you'd rather just get
your whole $70 off, which would cover a full box. But that's only with HelloFresh. With other ones,
it's case by case. I've just recently had to submit one for Sunbasket where the, again,
it's a combination of issues in their whole structure of making the system work, but also
issues with the delivery services. So like OnTrack, which is what Sunbasket uses sometimes,
is notoriously bad in our area. And they left a box not even close to our house out in the middle
of this cluster of mailboxes that is probably like two, three miles away from our house
overnight. So the box was damaged, some animals had tried to chew through it.
Submitting that through Sunbasket was extremely painless. They have a chat bot
and the bot just asks you, did you have an issue with your order? You say yes. You say what was
wrong out of a menu of options, like my box was damaged or my box didn't come. And the refunds
issued instantly onto your account. Now, obviously, I'm sure they have some checks on the back end,
so people don't abuse it. But for your first or second issue, I'm sure those just go through
immediately, no questions asked again. So
they've really done a great job of making sure you're happy with your box and to keep you
subscribed while also minimizing the amount of like customer service they have to pay for. So
whether it's bots or just agents that immediately approve your refund request,
they're really trying to streamline that process. And so that sort of turned a delivery service that
I was going to cancel after a couple of weeks into a three, four week thing because we keep
having issues with them. Each service,
definitely has their own quirks as well. We haven't comprehensively tried all of them,
but we've done the most popular ones that show up on DOC and Swagbucks. And let's see,
the ones we've done are HelloFresh, Home Chef, Green Chef, Sunbasket, and Blue Apron back in
the day. We haven't done that recently because their offers haven't been very good. But between
the first four, there are unique things about each one. Things like they,
very on calorie count. Green Chef, which is a, I believe a vegan only one. And whether or not
you're into vegan food, you can't, for the most part, you can't tell it's vegan food and it's
absolutely delicious, the stuff they're sending. But their boxes also tend to be the most expensive
at $80. So essentially only the first box is good value, after which you should cancel.
They have a referral offer where you get $25 for referring someone and they get a delivery.
But similar to HelloFresh,
the referral credits don't apply to your order until you've used up all of the offer parts.
But Green Chef actually, despite being vegan, ends up being the highest calorie count. Like
some of the dishes that we've cooked were like a thousand calories per serving and we've had
trouble actually finishing it, which is surprising. And maybe vegan food has a tendency to be higher
calories, but either way, if you're looking for something filling, Green Chef actually just like
wins on that front.
It's something worth checking too when you select your meals is that, you know, something may look
tasty like a, hey, it's like a fig quinoa salad or something, but then you look at the calories and
it's three, 400 calories per serving. So it's just not going to be enough food. And so you may have a
better time picking something that both looks tasty and is in like a higher range of calories.
So that's something worth, you know, keeping in mind as you sign up for these and select your
meals.
Another one is if you are doing these services to find new recipes you can cook on your own.
Originally, that wasn't our intent, but some of these have just been so good. I'd say maybe
20% of the meals we've received have been just so good that we've actually gone out and bought
the stuff ourselves and cooked it again. And that's possible depending on which service you
go for. Like HelloFresh definitely leans more towards encouraging you to learn and then be
able to replicate these meals at home. Whereas some other services like Green Chef and Sunbasket,
the stuff they send to you, there's like mystery sauces that you don't know what is in them. And so
replicating this would be hard, and I do wonder if that's part of their sort of intent is that you
stay with the service versus trying to make these things yourself. Another little quirk is that the
time to cook on these are pretty much never accurate, and it's always way on the low end.
things that say they require 20 minutes guaranteed will take you 30 unless you're like a master chef
who can chop things extremely fluidly and this is like with both my wife and i cooking at the
same time one of us chopping the other person doing the other things and so just keep that in
mind that probably a good idea to add like a 20 to 50 buffer on whatever time estimate they give
you for the cooking time on these especially if you are churning these one thing to definitely
keep in mind too is what cutoff dates they have for selecting new meals and skipping the week
and so if you're having a delivery come on friday like friday is your day that it's set at it's
probably like the friday before or the monday of where it's going to be the cutoff for when you can
skip that week or choose your meals and that's important to keep in mind if you're trying to
coordinate multiple meal kit services at the same time you don't want two coming at the same time
or if one of your
offers is about to run out you want to make sure you're skipping that week and the reason sometimes
you skip instead of just canceling is for example swagbucks some of the offers want you to stay
subscribed for like 30 days right and so if the boxes are only at a good discount or it's only
worth it value wise for you to get the first two boxes you want to stay subscribed the whole time
but then skip the later boxes and that's one thing i forgot to mention is that they'll let you skip
you can skip as many weeks as you want so you can stay a subscriber for
you can skip as many weeks as you want so you can stay a subscriber for
essentially an indefinite amount of time as long as you remember to go in there and skip the future
weeks and we've had a couple times where we like went on vacation and then we skipped one and then
we forgot about it and then the skips run out because they only show you like four or five
weeks into the future so you forget about it then the sixth week gets added to their schedule and
it's not skipped and then you end up with a box that you're like oh crap not only did i pay full
price for the box but now i've got to cook the thing and if you're not home that's going to be
even worse and on the delivery front they've been trying different things initially like our
hella freshes came with ups and there was like a period of time where ups was super backlogged right
during the pandemic and these boxes were showing up two days late and they pack them with ice to
keep things as fresh as possible so we haven't had an issue with things as straight up melting
but the delivery being super late messes with your like dinner plans if you are expecting this and
you haven't bought groceries otherwise and so that's one of the things that we've been trying to
and so hella fresh has been trying viho which i believe i don't know if it's the local thing but
it's another kind of delivery service where i think people become delivery drivers like doordash
style versus it being like a ups fedex hub and viho has been pretty reliable some baskets been
using on track which depending on your area on track is probably the worst out of ups and fedex
just because they're smaller and i've yet to have them come on time or deliver to the right place
so
that can vary but the nice part is when one of those things happen it for the most part it seemed
for all the services i've tried where i've submitted an issue or called them about an issue
the refund has been pretty much instant no questions asked so that's a positive for sure
i was gonna try and talk about some cons as well like pros and cons but there really is
no downside to this right now a couple services have been slowly raising their prices like some
just raised the price per meal by a dollar and then added two dollars to shipping and i think
that's going to be a trend that's going to continue until their vc funding is exhausted
and either one of these players becomes the dominant market force or some of these will
just simply go out of business so definitely jump on this if it's something you're interested in if
it's if eating out every night or buying a bunch of groceries and figuring out what to cook is not
super appealing to you slash if you're just trying to get a job and you're just trying to get a job
and you're just trying to like save money on how much you spend on food this is yeah this is the
best it's going to be and yeah i would recommend jumping on it sooner rather than later all right
guys that's it for this episode hopefully this stuff was helpful definitely let me know i know
i kind of went pretty quick through a lot of these so let me know in the comments if you prefer a
different structure to this or if i can like explain things better for future ones i think
next one i'll probably go back to that and i'll see you in the next one
and just do square and gusto thanks guys see you next time
