Hey guys, welcome to another episode of The Daily Churn.
This is episode three,
and today we'll be focusing back on Square and Gusto.
Now in episode one, I'd sort of mentioned a little bit
about the use cases for why you'd want Square and Gusto,
specifically for HM Bradley,
but I think they're generally useful tools
to have around if you do any kind of bank bonus churning.
So let's dive right into some of the reasons
why you would use Square and Gusto.
First off, the obvious one is accounts
that have very strict direct deposit requirements.
So if you don't have access to a company
that provides real payroll or social security
or some other form of what they consider official payroll,
then Square and Gusto comes in as a great substitute for that.
And as we touched on with the HM Bradley episode,
even if you do have a real payroll provider,
you sometimes may not have the ability to split your payroll.
And if you're trying to meet
a specific amount of money,
a specific dollar amount,
Square and Gusto will let you customize
the amount that you send yourself.
And because they are official payroll platforms,
probably the best part of this,
of using these two services,
is when you have an issue,
and obviously we all know the don't contact the bank,
but there are exceptions to that, right?
And if you're not actually doing anything
in the gray zone or potentially shady,
and this is where Square and Gusto kind of saves you there,
is if you do have an issue with a payroll or a direct deposit,
not showing up,
you can legitimately reach out to the bank
and let them know that they should have classified
your Square and Gusto payment as a proper direct deposit
for whatever bonus you're trying to meet.
When you try and do that with,
let's say you're using like an alliance or ally
or Charles Schwab or something
and hoping it triggers the bonus,
if it doesn't ultimately trigger the bonus,
you really have no ability to then reach out and demand it
because you clearly used the workaround.
Square and Gusto automatically,
I guess, legitimizes what you're doing.
And that's why it's also probably better if you can
not to just be transferring
or depositing a dollar payroll on Square and Gusto
because that sort of delegitimizes it a little bit.
So try and shoot for something where
if you were in the scenario
where you had to reach out to somebody,
having like a hundred dollars Square payroll deposit,
you can totally come up with a believable story
why you were paid a hundred dollars in it.
And it looks real.
To the person reviewing it.
And that leads to the second reason
why they're useful tools to have in your churning tool belt
because with banks that have bonuses that post slowly,
one that comes to mind is Thrivent Bank,
which if you're not familiar with,
is a Christian credit union.
And the comments on DOC about it are actually pretty funny
because they do make you verify
that you are Christian in order to sign up.
But their bonus doesn't post until 90 days.
So you have 90 days to meet the requirements.
And then at the end of the 90 days,
a few weeks after that is when your bonus will post.
And so if you are trying to use another bank
and hoping that it will go through as a direct deposit
because you read some data points a while back
and you're hoping that, let's say, a Charles Schwab works,
the problem is that you have to wait the full 90 days.
There's no instant feedback.
There's no quick feedback.
And so if it doesn't work,
you're going to be out of the bonus
because you've already missed the bonus period
for which to put in the direct deposit.
And so with banks that don't give you
any kind of instantaneous feedback,
you want to be sure you're using a direct deposit
that's actually for sure going to qualify you.
And so Square and Gusto,
even if Thrivent is not automatically
classifying Square and Gusto as an employer direct deposit,
you are now at the end of the 90 days
able to actually then reach out
and let them know that,
hey, look, I use Square and Gusto.
These are real payroll providers.
I used it for my own business
or someone paid me using those services.
And you can actually argue your point
and get the bonus posted.
With any other types of direct deposit
that aren't real payroll,
you are taking a risk.
Now, obviously, this is less of an issue with banks
where the bonus posts a few days
after the direct deposit posts.
And so if you transfer from Alliance,
you know from previous data points
that it usually posts,
within a few days,
so a week later, you don't see a bonus,
you'll know that Alliance is no longer working
and you can try something else, right?
So with those banks, it's less necessary.
But for the banks that are slower with their bonuses,
this is a less risky way,
basically risk-free way of ensuring
that you actually get your bonus at the end of the day.
Similarly, with banks that don't have a lot of data points,
so some of these more regional credit unions
or it's just a newer bank,
and there's not a lot of comments,
there's not much feedback for you to know
whether you're going to get a bonus or not.
Whether or not some of your other banks
would trigger the direct deposit,
you may not want to spend the amount of time
it would take for you to then try multiple banks
and figure it out.
For example, I was trying to get the sign-up bonus for SoFi
and SoFi turns out to be very strict
as to what they classify as a direct deposit.
And even though there's a lot of comments on DOC,
it wasn't conclusive.
And so I was trying ChaseUInvest,
I tried HM Bradley,
I think I even tried like a Wells Fargo and an Ally
and none of those work.
And each time you try one of those accounts,
you're, for the most part,
I think most people just go into,
let's say you go into Chase
and you set up your SoFi account,
Chase then sends trial deposits to SoFi
and that takes two to three days
and then you verify
and then you use Chase to transfer money into SoFi
which takes another two or three days
and that doesn't work.
So now you go and try Alliant
and you repeat the same process for Alliant.
And in the case of SoFi,
I went through that process like four times
over the course of two, three weeks.
And that's a lot of effort
and none of them actually ended up working.
So in the end, I just used Square.
And lo and behold, two days later,
it showed up in my SoFi account
and it was classified as a direct deposit
and I got the bonus.
So there's definitely just time savings
associated with not having to do this trial and error,
especially with banks
that don't have a lot of data points.
Now, the nice part with both Square and Gusto
is that they charge you,
not by how many dark deposits you push out,
but by how many contractors you actually pay
in a given month.
So if you only set yourself up as the one contractor
and you pay yourself 20 times during that month,
you're paying that one flat dollar, $5
for that single contractor.
And I'll go into the costs
and the ways of minimizing those in a little bit,
but I wanted to just, first off,
shorten the sentence of Square and Gusto
by just saying that you should only use Square.
Not Gusto.
I've actually used Gusto before to pay employees
and Gusto is truly amazing on that front.
If you actually are looking for a payroll provider
to do real payroll services,
they are really top-notch.
Their tax filings,
their identification, what tax forms to file,
when it's due,
automatically sending those out for you,
all first class.
But today I was trying to set up a new account
just to see if there's a way to turn off some of these.
And I found out that there's automated features
that usually you want in a payroll provider,
but for the purposes of this, you definitely don't.
And it was pretty much roadblock after roadblock.
They essentially have like a nine step setup process.
And one of the first steps is they want your employee ID number,
the one that the IRS issues to you
and putting in your social security number
as a sole proprietor doesn't even work.
They actually do validate that you're putting in a real EIN.
They're checking against some kind of a database
or it's just a format thing
where you can just sort of put a fake EIN,
like Google an EIN sample and put that in instead.
But they do have that check, whereas Square does not.
Then once you're past that step,
they have these two forms that they want you to actually sign.
One of which is being sent to the IRS
that authorizes Gusto to be your official payroll provider.
And that basically is what they do.
It basically just lets them submit forms
on your behalf, et cetera.
I think it's form 865,
as well as another form that authorizes direct deposits.
And both of those, before you can even do anything
in your main Gusto account,
they want those forms signed and sent back.
So I didn't really wanna go any further
with my new fake Gusto account,
but I went back into my old Gusto account
that I use for real business
just to review the tax forms that they're filing.
And yeah, they were sending out the 941s automatically.
For California, they were sending out the DE,
I believe DE-9s to EDD.
They were doing the annual W-2s and 1099 filings
on your behalf.
And just looking at those forms,
there was no clear way of actually turning any of those off.
They were just being sent.
You don't even have to pay for them to send those.
They were just literally being sent automatically
every quarter or annually.
All of those things put together make Gusto
just a terrible choice for, you know,
for the purposes of being able to pay yourself
as a contractor.
Now, Square, on the other hand,
is a night and day difference on that front.
If you were looking to use Square
as an actual payroll provider, terrible choice.
But if you were wanting to sign up
for the purposes of meeting bank account bonuses,
absolutely great.
So as I sort of mentioned earlier,
there's no validation on the employee ID number.
You can just type in your social security number.
Then you're able to access, essentially,
all of the features without having to provide
any of these forms or finish like a nine step signup process.
You sort of just get access immediately.
And because you're only paying contractors,
Square doesn't actually file any forms automatically for you.
And specifically, there's one form I think recently
they've started requiring for contractors,
which is a 1099 NEC.
I think previously, contractors didn't even have to file
anything for contractors.
If you paid them less than $600, I think nowadays you do.
But Square conveniently gives you a checkbox
that essentially says, do you want us to automatically file
this 1099 NEC form for you?
And you just don't check that box.
And so nothing gets filed.
Now, I've been using Square for this for about six months now,
and you can see the tax form history.
And I can confirm that no forms have gone out on Square's end.
So diving into Square, there's a couple things you can do
to minimize your costs.
One of those is the fact that they only charge $5 per month
per contractor, not how many times you pay out
direct deposits to that contractor.
The exception to that, and it's a good exception,
which is if you don't pay that contractor anything
that month, you don't have to pay Square anything at all.
It's not a $5 recurring monthly fee.
It's a pay-per-use fee.
So there's a couple of ways you can make that work for you.
One is if you are just in the business,
or just in P1 mode just by yourself,
and you know you're hitting a lot of bank bonuses
that require direct deposits that month,
you can sort of bundle them up into that month
instead of spreading it out across multiple months.
That way you're only paying that $5.
If you're in P1, P2 mode, what you could do is
I would set that up in Square as a contractor with my name
and put my HM Bradley bank account details
as the payee details, and I'll pay myself.
And then once that payment goes through,
I'll just update the payee details from my HM Bradley
account to my wife's HM Bradley account and pay myself again.
So same contractor, you're only paying the same $5,
but it's going into two different accounts
to help meet two different requirements.
There is also another little trick
that I think I would just caution to maybe not overuse
this, which is specifically with HM Bradley.
HM Bradley just wants to see that you're having employers.
So unlike some other banks that want, let's say,
$2,000 of direct deposit, HM Bradley just wants to see
that you are receiving direct deposit at all.
So with Square, what happens is when you update
your business's bank account, because remember,
when you pay yourself, the money is coming out
of a bank account, right?
And so there's a separate area in Square
where you can update which bank account it's coming from.
And specifically for the bank
where it's pulling the money from,
when you change that bank account,
Square will send trial deposits into the new bank account
that you add.
This doesn't happen for the contractors for some reason.
Like when you add a contractor and then you put in their bank
account details, there's no trial deposits happening.
It just assumes you got it correctly and sends it out.
But for some reason for the bank where you're withdrawing from,
any time you change it, Square will send trial deposits.
The way you can make that work in your favor
if you are trying to avoid the $5 fee
is you can just change the bank where it's pulling money from
to your HM Bradley account.
Then Square sends those trial deposits
into your HM Bradley account,
which HM Bradley will treat as your direct deposit
for the month.
Then you can change that again in Square to now,
let's say P2's HM Bradley account,
and Square will send trial deposits
and you'll meet the HM Bradley requirements that way.
The reason I sort of
caution against this is it does take away
from some of the legitimacy, I guess,
of using a Square and Gusto.
For example, with HM Bradley,
they actually just pushed an update onto their site
where now you can see they have a little check mark
to show you which transactions met
the direct deposit requirements for the month.
And as part of that update, they've actually,
I think, gone in and reviewed what kind of things
that maybe they shouldn't be whitelisting.
So in episode one, I talked about how Chase U-Invest works.
Well, as of this update, Chase U-Invest no longer works.
So my Chase LLC deposits that I've been sending,
I sent it on, I think, the 2nd of July.
And as of today, they have not been given the check mark.
And I'd imagine these trial deposits are still working,
but the problem is if they at some point decide
to not let it work, all it would take on their end
is just to be like, hey, deposits that are
under a dollar, so trial deposits are usually
in the $0.01 to $0.99 range, right?
So deposits under a dollar, we'll just ignore.
If that happens, and you are depending on that
to meet the requirements for the whole quarter,
and so you end up missing a month,
and then you miss your 3% for the following quarter,
that's pretty devastating, right?
When you could have just paid the $5 to Square for the month
and sent yourself, let's say, $100,
which you could easily, if anything were to go wrong,
easily argue with them.
And justify why this was a real dark deposit.
But you know, the options there, it's useful in a pinch.
Like Square, when they send their actual payroll,
for whatever reason, it's always like,
arrives four to five days after you schedule it,
depending on whether or not you hit a weekend.
Whereas trial deposits tend to arrive
in like two or three days.
So if you're just crunched for time,
it's not a bad option, you know?
And just use it on a limited emergency kind of a basis.
All right, guys, that's it for this episode
on Square and Gusto, or more specifically,
why you should use Square.
But let me know if there are any suggestions for future ones.
I'm thinking it might be about Swagbucks next,
because it's been a bit of a pain in my ass
for the last few weeks,
and I know people are sometimes curious about it,
because DOC often has articles on Swagbucks.
But yeah, I appreciate the comments so far.
It's definitely helping motivate me to make more of these.
And yeah, I'd love to, you know,
I'd love to hear what you liked and what you didn't.
Thanks, guys.
I will talk to you next week.
