Hey guys, welcome to episode 7 of The Daily Churn. Today will be a bit of a special episode
where we'll be covering churning as it relates to FIRE, Financial Independence, Retire Early.
It's an interesting topic that I've been pretty excited to cover and I do think the two complement
each other really well. You know, when I started these podcasts, I had really no intention of
talking about FIRE, but now that I'm looking back at some of the topics I've covered, I'm seeing
definitely a trend of where each of the topics have been useful, not just from a churning
perspective, but also from a FIRE perspective, which I think goes back to the fact that they
do complement each other really well. But also just beyond that, I think there's some definite
overlap between the kind of mentality that leads you to churn and that may lead you to want to
pursue FIRE. With churning, there's a lot of thought around maximizing and working around
the constraints of the system, right? In this case, it's usually about earning a bonus and
figuring out the logistics of how exactly to go about doing that. And I think FIRE definitely
shares some similarities in that sense, where with FIRE, you're really doing something also
pretty non-conventional, where you're essentially working the system in a way that allows you to
retire earlier than the standard 55, 60, 65, and just take a different approach.
And to execute on that, there's actually pretty similar kinds of tools and approaches. With
churning, I've got my massive spreadsheet that tracks all of my bonuses,
when things are coming in, coming out, all of that good stuff. And similarly with FIRE,
I've also got my big FIRE spreadsheet that's figuring out my monthly and annual expenses
and income. So I think there's really some good overlap in terms of, I guess, the mentality or
the skillset required for both of these things. So today I'm going to go through some of the
churning activities that my wife and I have found really beneficial and just why I think churning
can give you a bit of an upper hand when it comes to FIRE. But before we get too deep into that,
I did want to just briefly cover where I'm at with FIRE and just maybe it can act as a bit of a
primer if you're sort of new to the whole FIRE scene. So with FIRE, it's sort of segmented by
how much income you plan to have available during your early retirement. On the upper end,
there's FATFIRE, which as it sounds means you have a pretty fatty retirement nest egg,
which then means you're able to withdraw more money during retirement. And typically,
you're looking at people who are...
There are lawyers, doctors, et cetera, that are able to accumulate, let's say, $2-3 million into
their nest egg, which then means that during retirement, they're able to take out like
$100,000 a year. On the other end of the spectrum is LeanFIRE, which as it also sounds, you have a
much smaller amount that you're able to take during retirement. And I think the LeanFIRE
subreddit has a rough definition of it of for an individual being $20,000 of expenses during
retirement. And for an individual, it's $20,000 of expenses during retirement. And for an individual,
a couple $40,000. And then of course, there's just the middle regular FIRE, which is everything in
between and is a more generic bucket. But to sort of figure out where you would potentially fit
along that spectrum, the back of the napkin kind of math that you would do is essentially figure
out how much you think your expenses need to be on an annual basis during your early retirement,
and then multiply that by 25. If you're used to spending $100,000 a year on expenses,
you multiply that by 25.
And now you need $2.5 million to do a fat FIRE retirement. Conversely, my wife and I are pursuing
LeanFIRE, which our target expenses for a given year is only $30,000. With the whole LeanFIRE,
it's really geared around taking a more, I guess, kind of a minimalist approach to your spending
in terms of just like, hey, do you really need to be buying all these things? How does it really
benefit you? And what really matters to you? Is it having that extra Starbucks coffee, or is it
having to work 40 hours a week? And that was probably the hardest part for me was just making
that shift in mindset. Because for as long as I can remember, from straight out of college,
through all the jobs and promotions, I've always just scaled my spending proportional to how much
money I made. And it wasn't really until I met my wife that she kind of showed me that there was
another way of living where you didn't have to spend everything you made, and you can save money
and kind of scale down your spending habits. And that's really when we started going down this path
of approaching FIRE and LeanFIRE. But even with that shift in mindset and saying that, hey,
I'm okay spending less money than I'm accustomed to, you still have to try and get to 25 times
whatever that expense amount is. And that's still a really big number. And so that's where
this other approach called BaristaFIRE comes into play. And essentially, that's where you quit your
soul-sucking 40 plus hour a week job that you hate. And instead, you retire early, but are also
working part-time at something like a barista job or driving an Uber. But what that effectively does
is it helps to bring down or offset your expenses. So whereas before you needed $30,000 times 25,
now if you bring in, let's say, $5,000 or $10,000 a year through your part-time job,
you only need $20,000 times 25, which becomes a lot more manageable.
When it comes to churning and churning FIRE, it can reduce your monthly expenses,
by actually just lowering them or providing some income to offset that. At the same time,
it can also improve the state of your retirement bucket by increasing the returns there. So this
twofold approach really puts you in a better position than if you were tackling FIRE without
churning. So let's start with lowering expenses and some of the churning strategies that are
really helpful there. Food is going to be one of your biggest costs. That includes restaurants,
eating out, groceries, all of that stuff. And for us,
we're budgeting about $600 a month on that. And multiply that by 12, it's like $7,500. And that's
25% of our total budget. So anything you can do in this realm to bring that down is a massive
benefit. And commonly, I think one of the jokes people make about people who lean FIRE is, yeah,
you're just living on rice and beans. And that's fine if you're okay with that kind of approach to
food. But that's where churning meal kits has really been beneficial to our budget. And,
I won't go into too many details about meal kits. I did a separate episode on that a few weeks ago,
but essentially we're in a really good environment right now for churning meal kits. They are
extremely delicious and really affordable. And the side benefit of meal kits is that when you get
these ordered, you're not going out to eat. And that makes a huge difference in your budget. On
the times where we've gone out to see a movie and we're feeling tired afterwards, and we just decide
to go to a restaurant, that's $60 for two people. And that's equivalent to two full meal kits,
if you're churning them. Two full meal kits, if you're churning them. Two full meal kits, if you're
churning them. Two full meal kits, if you're churning them. Two full meal kits, if you're churning them. Two
meal kits, if you're churning them. Two full meal kits, if you're churning them. Two full meal kits, if you're
churning them. Two full meal kits, if you're churning them. Two full meal kits, if you're churning them.
Two meal kits provides six dinners for two people. So for the price of one dinner out, you can
essentially have a week's worth of dinners covered. And so it really does make a huge difference to
your monthly food budget. Then for general spending, we always try to have one card open
where we're trying to meet minimum spend on it, where the bonus is actual cash back versus miles
or points. Typically, it's pretty easy to find a card that has around $500 worth of cash back for
$3,000 or more. And then we have a card that has around $500 worth of cash back for $3,000 or more.
The one that comes to mind is the U.S. Bank Connect card. And I think the U.S. Bank Leverage
card has that. Bank of America has a business card that does something similar. So there's a
lot of options available. But essentially what that does is, assuming you're getting $500 cash
back on $3,000 worth of spend, it's really around a 16%, 17% rebate on every dollar that you spend.
And if your budget for the year is only $30,000 and you're able to put all of that spend on cards
to provide this amount of cash back, you're getting $5,000 worth of cash back, which essentially
reduces your annual expenses down to $25,000, which then has a really big impact on how much
money you actually need in your retirement bucket for FIRE. The other area of FIRE where
churning really gives you an advantage on is the retirement bucket itself. As you accumulate funds
into your retirement bucket, those funds are going to be held in bank accounts and brokerages. And
there's a whole rabbit hole of advice on how to divvy up your funds when it comes to investing in
stocks and bonds and cash and stuff like that. So I won't get into that for this episode at least,
but you'll need to have some amount of money in cash. And so it's going to be sitting in your
bank account and churning bank bonuses is an easy way to make some side income by essentially
improving the interest rate that you're receiving on your cash. I just did a Citibank one where if
you deposit and leave $15,000 with them, they'll give you $4,000. And if you deposit and leave $15,000,
and that's one of the higher deposit requirements. I think US Bank had a much lower one that I did
earlier this year that also gave $400 for, I believe, only a $5,000 deposit. But essentially
that $400 is treated as interest. And so you can just calculate how much of a return you're getting
for the length of time that you've kept the money in there. So with Citi, I had to keep the money in
there for about four months until the bonus posted. And so if you calculate that, it ends up being,
I think, a 2.66% rate of return.
Over four months. And if you annualize that, that's an 8% return on your $15,000,
which is an absolutely mind-blowing rate of return on cash. And so if you can keep moving
your money around and opening these bank bonuses, you're really beating any kind of market rate for
your cash. But obviously you're not always going to be able to find bonuses and maximize all of
your cash that way. And that's where just having a foundational checking account that has a really
good rate of return is a really good way to keep your money in there. And so if you're
pretty essential part of this strategy, and that's where H& Bradley comes in. That was actually the
very first episode I did. It was just because they had such a good rate of return, which is 3%
on $100,000 of money. So that ends up being the base of what you're going to get back on your
cash, which again is really amazing. And then all the other bank bonuses you do on top is just
basically a cherry on top that improves your overall interest rate on your cash. And really,
this is a very, very novel,
unknown kind of a way of getting return on your cash. Because when you look at posts about
fire calculations and you start getting really deep into how should I allocate my funds in order
to try and maximize their returns over the next 30 to 60 years, cash is often disregarded as a
viable option and instead bonds are recommended. And that's because cash is generally assumed to
be worse than bonds. The general thought is that you're essentially holding cash under a mattress
and that cash is losing money every day because inflation exists. Well, with 3% return at minimum
on your cash, that's actually better performance than bonds are in this current environment. And
so that has the potential to change some of your allocations for the better. And it just never gets
really discussed because basically no one except churners know that you can get such an amazing
rate of return on cash when the national interest rate level is close to 0%. So that covers the
cash side of your retirement bucket. The other side of that is your brokerage account where your
retirement funds are being held in stocks and bonds, et cetera. Churning brokerages is something
that's pretty unique to churners. I mean, my parents, I think, have had the same Vanguard
account since their employer first set one up for them. Most people don't switch brokerages. Maybe
they switch once during their lifetime, but actually churning these is extremely rare. However, it's
also extremely rare to have a brokerage account where your retirement funds are being held in stocks and bonds, etc.
It's extremely lucrative just moving brokerages every time you've met the holding requirements to
receive a bonus. For example, I just did an episode last week on interactive brokers and
they're offering $1,000 of interactive brokerage shares for $100,000 of deposit. So that's an
improvement of 1% on the market rate. And once you move that money to another one, different
brokerages are going to have different returns. But essentially, you just keep hopping and earning
that bonus and improving your market rate of return. And as your retirement
bucket of funds grows, you don't have to move all of them into one brokerage at the same time.
You know, you just move the minimum amount through a partial transfer into the brokerage that has the
bonus and move the rest to another brokerage. So you're simultaneously tackling multiple brokerage
bonuses at the same time. And they're all going to have different requirements. One of the smaller
ones I recently did was Tastyworks. They offered essentially $200 worth of shares for a $2,500
deposit. So there's a lot of opportunities there to
churn different brokerages for different amounts. And as long as you're comfortable
and familiar with moving money across brokerages, which once you've done it once or twice becomes a
pretty easy process, it's kind of a no-brainer for just boosting your overall portfolio performance.
So those are the two main areas where being a churner means you financially
come out ahead of someone who's doing fire without churning. There's a third,
I guess, like a bonus area where I do think churning has some really noticeable,
qualitative benefits. So if you're a churner and you're a broker, you're going to be able to
of life improvements. At least I know that's one area where my wife is really happy that I churn
things and that's travel. With lean fire, one of the things that I think that turns people off it
is that kind of a minimalist approach to spending where you're trying to save more and you sacrifice
some of these fun things because you'd much rather not be working than go on a vacation,
then have to come back and work a 60-hour job, right? That's very understandable. But with
churning, you can sort of have a lot of fun. And I think that's one of the things that I think is
I won't get too much into all of the various credit card offers there are. Those are generally
covered pretty extensively by all of the travel bloggers. But as an example, the 100,000 points
Chase Sapphire Preferred offer that's around right now is really amazing. That easily converts into
at least $1,250 worth of award travel. And I just opened one of those last month, but essentially
you're getting free miles and points for the money that you're going to spend anyway. And if you use
those miles and points correctly, you can really get a lot of money. And I think that's one of the
value out of that. I think churning and travel hacking kind of go hand in hand because you earn
those points and you got to spend them somewhere. But yeah, using them right can really deliver some
really amazing travel options. For example, I just booked last week a Marriott travel package. I had
one of those old ones still for seven nights at the Western in Kona, Hawaii. It was the week before
Christmas and the cash rate was over $800 per night. And so the seven night stay would have
cost almost $10,000. Instead, I used that money to buy a new car. And I think that's one of the
my travel package. So I didn't pay a cent for it. We're going to have to pay resort fees and
parking, but that's only a few hundred dollars. And so there's definitely this perception where
if you're doing lean fire, you're not going on $10,000 vacations to Hawaii, right? But as churners,
that limitation doesn't exist at all. You can absolutely take these amazing vacations using
the miles and points you accumulate through churning. And it's just an option that is simply
not on the table for someone who's taking on fire without churning.
With churning, I think for the most part, everyone in this hobby really enjoys churning.
There's a thrill to finding these new deals and figuring out workarounds, and there's a great
community as well. And so the time that I spend on churning, I don't consider work at all. And
obviously to some degree, I'm probably pretty biased towards one end of the spectrum. I mean,
I'm doing a churning podcast, but I do think that on the flip side of that, if you don't enjoy
churning and churning feels like a chore,
and it stresses you out and it's just not enjoyable, then churning fire may not be the
right fit for you for your early retirement. Similarly with fire, it's not for everyone.
Just last week, I posted that my wife and I are doing the fire thing and someone commented,
hey, why don't you just cruise your job and get all the health benefits and just chill,
right? And there's actually a name and a subreddit for that. It's Coastfire, where the concept is
basically that you coast your way into retirement at your job. And you have that money where,
you don't really care if you get fired or not. And that's a totally valid way of doing it too.
I think that's the beauty of fire. There are a lot of different variations and permutations to fit
your individual circumstance. But overall of the different types, lean fire, I think is the most
attainable of the bunch. Churning just helps make that more so. And particularly if you enjoy the
activity, then the two really do complement each other really well. And if you're familiar with
doing spreadsheets and you're good with tracking things, tracking things,
and tracking things in churning are very compatible. All right, guys, I will cut it
off here for this crossover episode on fire and churning. If there's anything more specific about
each of these, and I can probably go on for a lot longer, but let me know. And maybe in the future,
I can do like a part two to this about a topic that you want me to go deeper into.
Hopefully it was helpful or at least interesting to hear how these two philosophies kind of
interact and really appreciate all the feedback so far. And definitely let me
know in the comments below. And I'll see you in the next one.
Thanks for tuning in. I will catch you guys next week.
