Hey guys, welcome to episode 10 of the Daily Churn. Today we are going to go into the Southwest
Companion Pass. I originally had another topic in mind but I saw the megathread that was posted on
the churning subreddit a few days ago and I thought this might be a good time to discuss it
because it was something I wanted to cover eventually and I think timing wise now it's
sort of it's a little bit early but it sort of makes sense if you're planning on opening these
Southwest cards later this year. That said, I'm not going to rehash everything that's already
covered in the thread. I think that's a pretty good resource as it is. Rather, I'm gonna go
through my experience having the Southwest Companion Pass since, and I just looked this up
in my email, since March of 2014. My wife and I have had it continuously now for almost eight years
which is pretty crazy and it is honestly the best deal in domestic air travel currently available.
I don't
think there's even any like debate over how amazing of a deal this is and so I'm gonna go
through how we've been using it, how much value it really is, and I'll end it with a couple scenarios
of how I would go about opening these cards given the current bonuses and restrictions that are in
place with Chase. So starting with how my P2 and I have been able to have this Companion Pass for
eight years which really did come as a shock. I thought it was maybe six years but yeah March 25th
of 2014.
I got an email from Southwest saying that we qualified for the Companion Pass and so back then
the Companion Pass qualifications were I believe only 110,000 or maybe even 100,000 miles in order
to qualify and the same method worked then as it did now there's just been some changes with how
Chase is restricting things. So in 2014 I just opened two Southwest personal cards which each
gave 50,000 points and you put some spend on it to get that bonus.
Which naturally sort of brought you to that 110,000 point threshold. Nowadays Chase limits you to only
having one personal card in a certain family so only one type of Southwest personal card at a time
so that's a newish thing I think that happened in like 2018-ish but yeah that gave us Companion Pass
for 2014 and 2015 and as that Companion Pass was expiring towards the end of 2015 I opened two
Chase Southwest business cards.
Because I'd already had those two personal cards and I didn't actually cancel them back then I think
I was not as diligent as I am now with you know keeping track of cards and opening and closing
them. So in 2016-17 I got the Companion Pass using two business cards which you're allowed to do and
you're still allowed to do you can have multiple Chase Southwest business cards at a time it's only
the personal cards where they have that restriction where you can only have one Southwest one at a
time.
Then for 2018-2019 I was way over
524 at that point which is just Chase doesn't like approving you for cards if you had more than
five accounts opened in the last 24 months and I was pretty heavily churning cards so I was way
over that but my wife was actually under and so for the 2018-2019 Companion Pass we just had her
open a Chase Southwest business card and a Southwest personal card and that got us over
the threshold again. Then for the most recent years 2020 and 2021 things got a little bit
more complicated.
Where Southwest introduced some new cards and then they also raised the qualification for
Companion Pass to 125,000 points so it took more points and you know there's that rule from Chase
now that was in effect where you couldn't open two personal cards so we switched back over to me
my wife at this point was over 524. One strategy just FYI that we like to do is try and keep one
of us under 524 every couple years specifically to get these Chase cards.
So I was under 524 and I opened two Chase business cards I believe it was the performance and the
premiere and they were offering I think 80,000 points and 60,000 points which easily brought us
over the 125,000 point threshold to make Companion Pass again. Okay so that's it for the history
lesson on my Southwest Companion Pass. Now we're caught up for this year and this year I think we're
going to switch back over to my wife to open two business cards and I think that is the best
strategy for this year.
So we're going to open two business cards because currently the personal cards are only offering
40,000 points which is a problem for a variety of reasons but we'll get into scenarios a little bit
later. First I want to go a little bit into why this is such an amazing deal and why we've kept
these cards for eight years going on 10 years. So once you've qualified for the Companion Pass
you keep all the points you earned in order to qualify for the Companion Pass. They're not used
to buy the Companion Pass you get that as a
side benefit and all of your points now are redeemable for flights on Southwest and the way
Southwest Flight Redemption's work is a little convoluted in the sense that it's not a transparent
one point equals one cent translation. It's more like one point is roughly worth 1.4 cents but it
sort of moves as the price of your flight changes. So for more expensive flights it's on the lower
end around 1.4 maybe 1.3 cents. If your flight's cheaper you can
actually get a higher redemption. So I just looked at a SFO to New York flight which was going for
$97 which itself is completely insane that that's how cheap flights are now but New York to SFO for
$97 or you could pay 5,200 points. So that translates into 1.8 cents per point. So ultimately
what this means for your 125,000 points is that even at the lower end of 1.4 cents your 125,000
is worth $1,750 worth of flights. Then you have to factor in that you've got a Companion Pass now
which means your companion literally flies for free on these flights except for I think the $5.60
tax that isn't covered. So your $1,750 worth of flights really is worth $3,500 worth of flights
if you were paying for you and your P2 separately. So by applying for two Southwest cards you're
essentially getting $1,750 worth of flights and $1,750 worth of flights. So that's the
$3,500 worth of free travel every two years and any additional travel that you go beyond that
where you've run out of points you're paying half the price of someone who doesn't have a Companion
Pass. So you can see how this adds up to be such a crazy deal and I was kind of debating whether
to even do an episode on this because the churner side of me was like doesn't everyone already have
a Companion Pass so what's what's even the point? But then I remember the fact that the majority of
you aren't super hardcore churners don't have one even though I've been telling them about it for
years. But I guess if you're maybe just in P1 mode you don't have a Companion that you want to list
on these flights this probably isn't that applicable. I mean you can still get $1,750 worth
of travel but that's probably not as appealing as if you were getting double the travel for half the
price. One nice thing with Southwest though is they do let you update the Companion every I think
four months.
So in theory you can change it up to three times a year so maybe there's like a churning dating
community out there somewhere where putting the fact that you can give someone Companion Pass is
like attractive to other churning mates. I don't know I've been married for a long time but something
to keep in mind is that you can switch it out. Anyways for my wife and I the $3,500 of free
travel usually lasts us for the full two years. You know we fly on some other airlines for
international but Southwest has pretty good coverage.
Domestically and even for things like Hawaii and Mexico we tend to use Southwest because you're
essentially getting round trip Hawaii flights for two people for around $300-$400 which is just a
really good deal. We were actually on one of their inaugural flights to I believe Maui and they gave
out some highlighters and post-its and stuff celebrating the occasion but yeah it's a fairly
new thing but Hawaii trips they'll fly to Honolulu, Kauai, Maui, Mexico has some great locations as
well.
So it really pairs well with the fact that we have Hyatt Globalist and Southwest Companion Pass
because it essentially makes most of our travel free. We pay with it on points to fly and then we
pay with points at the Hyatt. It also pairs well with Amex cards like the Platinum and Gold cards
that give Amex travel credit because Amex travel credit is hard to use. They don't just give you
money back on any travel it's specifically with a certain airline and it has to be for the
incidentals like seat upgrades. However one way to work around that is it seems that Amex just
reimburses any travel on Southwest that's under $99 or $95 and so what you can do is book a fare
that's pretty cheap for example that $97 SFO to New York fare. Amex will reimburse you as if that
was a travel incidental and then you can go into Southwest and cancel that and you'll have the
travel credit and during the pandemic for a while they were letting you convert travel
credit into points and so essentially it was an easy option of turning Amex travel credits into
Southwest points. I think the point conversion thing has gone away now but you still have the
Southwest travel credit which again you can use for Southwest flights and bring a companion on
and so you're getting double the value of that and so we always have a few Amex cards open as well
and that adds an additional buffer of like $500 to $1,000 worth of Southwest travel each year.
One other thing that we like a lot about Southwest is the fact
that oversized bags like snowboard bags, ski bags, golf bags, those will fly for free versus paying
an additional fee. So we like to travel to different snowboarding places in the winter
and so the fact that we can bring these massive gigantic bags and not have to pay anything to
like a United or Delta works out really well. Okay I'll stop gushing about Southwest before
this turns into like a Southwest sponsored commercial or something but you know we really
love Southwest. I used to be United 1K and my wife and I loved that as well.
You know it's just a different experience if you're looking for value Southwest is definitely
the way to go and so I'll go through some of the scenarios in which you can get companion pass for
example how we're gonna do it this year and a couple alternatives. So the play for this year
I think is definitely to get the business cards. The personal cards right now as of September are
still only showing 40,000 points per card and so what that means is in order to get 125,000 points
you would have to open a new business card. You would have to open a new business card and you
would have to open a new business card and you would have to open a new business card and you
would have to open three of them which isn't possible. Chase only allows you to have one of
these personal cards within a certain family at a time so only one Southwest card at a time.
There's a method called the modified double dip which you can find on Google that is a way of
opening two of these cards at a time but even with two of these cards you're still at 80,000
points and so to get to the other 45,000 points you need you're gonna have to do a lot of spending
whether that's natural or through MS. So at least for us it's just easier to open
two business cards. The performance one right now has a bonus of 80,000 points and the premier
has a bonus of 60,000 points so open those guys and you're good to go. Even if you don't have a
real business Chase has gone back to accepting applications from sole proprietorships and so
with those you just apply using your social security number you don't need to get a federal
tax ID number it's okay if your business is newly formed if you don't have a lot of income yet the
review process is pretty chill. You may have to call a regional bank and then you have to call a
recon but that's okay they're not asking for like your tax returns or anything they just want to
know what your business does probably verify your address and how much income that you think you'll
make and how much income you make outside of your business. So for example for us my wife is going
to be the one applying for these cards and we actually just last week opened a Chase business
checking account which if you haven't checked that out it's a $750 bonus right now for depositing
$10,000 into a Chase business checking account.
It probably won't
work online but it might so you can give it a try but most likely you'll need to go into a branch
and it is the best offer I think that's ever been around on the Chase business account so
definitely recommend doing that and the side benefit of getting yourself set up with a Chase
business checking account is that it makes you look more legit for these credit card applications.
We opened the account for my wife for a totally new business it was originally going to be a
sole proprietorship but we just went online paid $50 to file a LLC form which is a little bit more
expensive with our state and so it became a single member LLC which for tax purposes is treated
totally the same as a sole proprietorship but again makes you look a little bit more legit to
have an LLC in there and going in person in branch they want to know just basic things like what your
company does and how long you've been in business it's totally okay if it's brand new totally okay
if it's not yet making income you tell them how much you expect to make and so the process itself
is pretty easy to get through it can take a little while like it took us a full hour to get to the
bank but that's because I think Chase bankers are just really bored I think what she ended up
doing on her computer we could have done in five minutes but because they really have nothing else
to do and they kind of I think appreciate the conversation it sort of dragged on for an hour
but again don't let that turn you off from doing it you'll come out of the other side with your
checking account and your $750 checking bonus and you're well set up to apply for the Southwest
business cards so just a couple things to keep in mind with the Southwest business card application
Chase has a rule where you can only apply for a one business card every 30 days so if your plan
is to apply for two which is what we plan on doing make sure you apply for one wait at least 30 days
before you apply for the second one the nice part about waiting as well is that you can see how the
first business application goes if everything goes smoothly and you're approved great you're
pretty much set for the second one you could also decide to open a personal one as your second card
so we're doing the two as business cards because
business cards don't show up on your personal credit report which is what Chase uses to
determine if you're under or over their 524 rule so having two business cards means that we can
stay under 524 even though we opened those two cards but if that's not something that you're
really concerned about you can open the second one as just a personal card I think it has probably
less spend and you're only getting forty thousand points but if let's say you open the performance
card for eighty thousand points now you can open one of the personal ones for forty thousand points
and you already add 120 thousand then when you meet the minimum spend you're putting more points
in that way and so again you'll get to the hundred 25000 points one advantage of doing it this way is
that because the second card is a personal card you don't actually have to wait the full thirty
days before you can apply for that second card so as soon as your business card is approved
you can go in and apply for the personal one I would however wait until the business card
is approved before you apply for the personal in theory you can apply for both
of them, potentially even on the same day. But the downside of doing it that way is business cards
usually take longer to get approved. So if for some reason your business card application is
denied and you're unable to go through recon and get it approved, you're not stuck with just
one Southwest personal card that you have no need for. Now, if you are denied for your business card,
the outlook is not great because now the only real option you have is to apply for the personal
cards. Alternatively, if you do have a P2, you could try the business card applications through
your P2 instead. But if you are stuck going the personal card route, I would recommend just
waiting a little bit to see if the offers improve. I feel like most years around the Thanksgiving
Christmas time, Southwest bumps up their bonuses on their personal cards. It's not a guarantee,
but often it goes up to 50,000 points. And if that's the case, and you can open two cards,
two personal cards,
50,000 points, it becomes a lot easier to hit that 125,000 using a bit of spend.
The other thing with Chase is that there's a 24-month cooldown on opening the same card.
And the cooldown starts from when you last got the bonus for the card, not when you last opened it.
So sometimes you have to do a little bit of digging in your statements to figure out exactly
when that bonus posted, but take that date and add 24 months. And that's when you're eligible
to open the same card again. This is relevant if
this is a business card that you're not able to open, but you're able to open the same card again.
This isn't the first time you're getting a companion pass. So in my case, in the beginning
of 2020, I think in February was when my bonus posted for the two business cards that I had
opened. I've since closed those business cards, but I'm not eligible to open those business cards
again until February of 2022, which is fine. I could wait till that date, but ideally I would
be able to open them in November or December of this year. If instead I wait till my cooldown
timer, I'm not eligible to open those business cards again. So I'm not eligible to open those
business cards again until February of 2022, which is fine. I could wait till that date,
runs out and I opened the cards in February. It's going to take another couple months for
the statement to close and the bonus to post. And I'll be looking at like April or May before I get
my companion pass. And if you extrapolate that to every two years, then that's going to keep
getting pushed out by a couple months every cycle. So a good alternative, if you have a P2,
which is what we're doing this year, is to rotate between yourself and your P2,
because then you are not locked into one person's bonus eligibility,
every 24 months. Now all that matters is that each person is eligible for a bonus and each
person should be eligible for the bonus because they're only going to do one of these cycles
every four years. But I realize we're kind of getting into a pretty long time frame that I
think most people aren't really thinking about. I know when I started doing Southwest Companion
Pass, I wasn't approaching it from a four or eight year time frame, but it's something to
keep in mind because I don't think these offers in this process is going away. It's clearly
working well for Southwest that these offers exist and this is how you get the companion pass.
So I think it's going to be around for the long term. And so planning a little bit ahead,
I mean, I guess in this case, like a decade ahead, it can be worth your while.
And in terms of timing, the ideal months I think to apply are November and December.
So the way the Southwest Companion Pass works is that the year in which you get 125,000 points,
you'll get companion pass not just for that year, but also the subsequent year. So the timing
matters because you're trying to get all of your points, your bonus points to post in January of
the next year, because that means you'll have the companion pass for that full year and for the full
next year. The way this goes wrong, and there's, I think, a thread on Reddit for failures and
horror stories of how this has been messed up by people in the past, but the way it can go wrong
in the worst way is if your bonus posts early, if it posts in December, because what happens then
is that you'll get your companion pass in December and now you'll only get another year of companion
pass. So you would have lost out on 11 to 12 months worth of that companion pass. It's actually
a lot better to be late. So let's say your spend, you had trouble meeting it. And so now you finally
met your spend in February. That's okay, because you're still going to have your companion pass
for all of 2022 and for all of 2023. So being late is miles better than being early, which is
why even though in theory, you can open these cards in, let's say, October and you have three
months to meet minimum spend. And let's say you wait until the very last day on December 31st to
meet your spend. Yeah, that will post in January, but you're kind of running a pretty high risk
there of things not going exactly as planned. If a merchant takes too long to post your transaction
because it's the holidays, you might miss the bonus entirely because you're cutting it too
close to the end of that three month timeframe. Similarly,
front loading your spending can also result in problems if something goes wrong with a merchant.
And this is problematic mainly if you open the card early with the goal being that, hey,
I'll get $4,000 of spend before December because I need $5,000 of spend. Then in January,
I'll get my last $1,000 of spend. The bonus will post and everything will be good.
But if a merchant messes up and let's say you had a $1,000 purchase that you were doing in December
and you knew that $1,000 was going to get you to $4,000 and things would be
fine in theory. But you know how there's sometimes those checkout pages where they
have this big bold text that's like, don't click this button twice or you may be charged twice.
Let's say something like that happens and you accidentally do click it twice and you're
charged twice. And I think I actually read a story or just a rumor about this on either Reddit or
Flyer Talk where this happened to somebody, but essentially they were double charged for a large
purchase and it put them over the $5,000 mark, which they weren't trying to get to.
Even though that merchant immediately resolved the issue,
the charge went through with Chase and Chase doesn't always take into account these refunds
when depositing your bonus. So with all these horror stories, because this companion pass thing
has been around for at least eight years, which is when I started doing it. And there's been a
lot of horror stories accumulated over that time. The absolute safest way is to wait till January
to do all of your spend. What that means for opening the card then is if you think you can
get all your spend done in January, wait until November or December to open it. That's the
absolute safest way. The next safest way is to wait until your statement closes in December.
And your statement closing date is different than when the payment is due. The statement
closing date is a date Chase uses to then send out the bonus. So if you've met all of your spend
by the statement closing date, Chase will then notify Southwest and Southwest a few days later
will deposit the points into your account. So once your statement closes in December,
any other transactions you do after that date are going to be part of the
January.
Which then means once the January statement closes, that's when Southwest will deposit your points and
that's when you'll get the companion pass. So in theory, once you're past that statement closing
date in December, you can put all of your spend onto the Chase cards. And because Chase doesn't
communicate with Southwest until the statement closes again in January, you're good to go.
However, there is a little bit of risk with this method because this is the way things work
currently. And this isn't something that's, you know, written out in
terms and conditions somewhere that this is how it's always going to work. And this is how it has
to work. This is how it currently works. And so if Chase for some reason ever changes the way that
works, where let's say you're in the middle of a statement and you've met the spend and Chase
decides to then send that data to Southwest immediately, then you're going to get that
companion pass in the middle of December. This is pretty unlikely though. But again, the safest
way is just to wait until January to do all of your spend on the Southwest cards. And I guess
advantage of waiting until January potentially is if you have those two cards and you have a lot
of spend you need to meet, it could be tough for you to try and get it all in January, which means
it might end up flowing into January and February, which delays your companion pass a little bit.
But if you're not in a huge rush to get your companion pass, like you don't have a flight
booked on January 10th that you're trying to take, then it's probably not that big of a deal.
It's only really when you have an early January flight that you're really hoping to have companion
pass ready for that things can get a little dicey with the timing. But in that scenario,
I probably wouldn't depend on the companion pass coming through in time for that January flight,
given the fact that you don't always control the statement closing date. And then on top of that,
you don't control exactly how many days after the closing date the points post into Southwest and
how many days after that the companion pass is activated. Okay, I think that's all I had.
TLDR, if you have a business, getting companion pass is super easy. If you don't,
now is a great time to open one. The $750 with Chase, I think that offer goes through October 18th.
And I mentioned at the beginning of this podcast, there's a mega thread right now on the churning
subreddit. So if you have some specific questions about a unique scenario that you can't find the
answers for, great time to just pop in there and ask a question. I know the churning subreddit has
a little bit of a reputation for being trigger happy with their downvotes. Like if you post a
question in the downvotes, it's a little bit of a reputation for being trigger happy with their
discussion thread. I mean, God have mercy on your soul. You're going to be nuked into oblivion with
like a hundred plus downvotes, which on the rest of Reddit is usually reserved for comments that
are like actually racist, or if you think the earth is flat, but you know, it can be a little
anxiety inducing if you're not used to it. But the nice part with the mega thread is I think it's a
pretty open space for people to post questions. I also added a comment section finally to the
website. I thought it was going to take a lot longer, but it ended up being super easy. Like
it took only a couple of minutes to post a question. So if you have any questions,
an hour, thanks to somebody having already pre-made a plugin. So yeah, we have a comment
section now. So if you head to the daily churn podcast.com and click this episode, feel free to
leave me comments and questions about anything related to the companion pass. And I promise I
will get back to you without a single downvote. All right, guys, that's it. I'm not sure how many
of you guys out there already have companion passes, but hopefully this was interesting for
the folks who don't. And I will catch you guys next week. Thanks for listening.
I'll see you guys next week.
