Hey guys, welcome to episode 11 of The Daily Churn. Today we are going to be talking about
National, the car rental company, and their loyalty program and why it is miles better than
any other car rental agency out there currently, just in terms of how easy it is to get status
at National. And then the value of having status, spoiler alert, it's that their upgrades are really
easy to get and really, really good. And then just some tips and tricks that I've picked up
over the years in terms of how to maximize your booking to get the best rate, which for the most
part, it usually beats auto-slash, which I know a lot of you guys like auto-slash and I use auto-slash
as well when there isn't a National location, but I'm consistently able to get better rates
directly through National using these methods than using auto-slash. So stay tuned and we'll
cover all of these topics. Before we get into it, just a quick programming note. I'm sure some of
you noticed there wasn't an episode live.
I think going forward, I may do it on a two-week basis. The reason being, I actually did have an
episode ready for last Monday, but after listening to it, I just wasn't really that happy with it.
And general advice, if you ever do a podcast is definitely listen to your own podcast before you
put it out there. And yeah, being a bit of a perfectionist, I guess I just wasn't really
that happy with it. I guess I was kind of feeling a little bit of pressure to keep to a weekly
schedule, not because anyone was doing it, but because I was kind of feeling a little bit of
demanding it, but just I personally like having a schedule. But at the same time, you know, it was
starting to feel a bit like work. And I felt like I'd kind of rushed through that episode just
because I had some other stuff going on and I felt like I needed to get one out there. And so, yeah,
I decided to just take a step back and take a break for the week and remember why I was doing
the podcast in the first place, which is that I enjoy talking about churning and I wanted to keep
it fun. And yeah, I think the two-week schedule might suit that better.
But it doesn't feel like work going forward. And the funny thing actually is I named this
The Daily Churn originally because I thought I was going to be able to do this daily, which
in hindsight just seems absolutely ridiculous now that I know what goes into making one of
these episodes. You know, maybe if people are interested, eventually I can do a meta episode
about some lessons learned while making a churning podcast. But for now, two-week schedule. And yeah,
let's get back into this episode.
Let's start with why National's loyalty program, Emerald Club, is just so good. Because on the
surface, if you haven't rented with National before, or if you haven't had status with them
before, it sounds just like any other car rental loyalty program. It doesn't really sound much
different than Hertz and Avis. You know, with Hertz, you're acquiring points. With National,
I think it's every five or six rentals, you'll get a free rental day. And that's fine. You know,
I've gotten some free rental cars that way. And on top of that,
they sometimes run a two-for-one promotion where every two rentals gets you a one free rental day,
which makes it a lot better. And the nice part about their free rental days is that it's not
capped at any class of car. So it's whatever you apply it towards, you'll get that car. So if you
applied it towards an SUV or a luxury car, your free rental day will apply. Whereas with Hertz,
you're spending points on specific tiers of car. But where things start to get really interesting
with Emerald Club, it's not just about the car. It's about the car itself. It's about the car itself.
Once you have executive status, so the tiers are basic member, executive, and then executive elite.
There's really no real difference between executive and executive elite. Executive elite,
I think you get your free rental day after five rentals instead of six rentals. But for the most
part, you don't even need to worry about executive elite. National executive status is the one to get.
And that's great because that's the one that a lot of credit cards like the American Express,
Platinum Card, and the Chase Sapphire Reserve Card will give to you for free. So you can just
get that status by opening a credit card. And executive status opens up a few interesting
things. First off, you are able to book a full-size car and only pay the mid-size car rate.
So as you go through the checkout process, you select the full-size car. And right then and there,
it'll reduce itself to whatever the rate for the mid-size was. And you do always want to book at
least the mid-size car because what that gives you is the chance to book a full-size car. So if you
want to book a full-size car, you can book it at the executive aisle. And the executive aisle is
access to their Emerald and Executive aisle. Now, if you're familiar with Hertz, the Emerald
aisle is the same thing really as the gold aisle, where you can go and pick a car from that aisle
that they've stocked full of mid-size and full-size cars. So not that interesting. But the
executive aisle is where Emerald Club really, really shines. Not all Emerald Club locations
have an executive aisle, but you can usually see which ones do online. And Flyertalk generally has
a dedicated thread of executive cars that you can book at the executive aisle. So if you're
on Flyertalk, you'll see a bunch of comments from people posting what's being offered at the
executive aisle at the airport that you're going to. And the executive aisle selection is
consistently good. There's always your regular selections of mid-size and full-size sedans. But
most of the time, there's also mid and large SUVs, pickup trucks, convertibles, minivans,
sometimes even a BMW or an Infiniti. I don't remember the last time that I walked out of
national with the car that I actually booked. It's always at least an SUV, or if it's just my
wife and I, we get a convertible. But when we're visiting family, we usually pick up the Armada
SUV, which is this massive SUV that fits seven people. And the rate that we paid is just the
really low mid-size rate of like 50 to 100 bucks. Whereas if you were to try and book one of these
large SUVs directly, whether it's through National or Hertz or Avis, you're easily looking at three,
$100 a day. Of course, there are times where you just need a bigger car because you're transporting
more people. And so the natural instinct would be to just book that more expensive rate. But we'll
cover this in the next section where I'll go through some tips so that you can get the best
of both worlds when it comes to upgrades and security. So for us, where these upgrades really
help is, for example, during snowboarding season, we really want to have a car that has four-wheel
drive. And so SUVs for going up the mountain are way better than SUVs for going up the mountain.
And it's never failed us yet that we've been able to get a SUV even during snow season on
National's executive aisle. We've grabbed Dodge minivans and trucks when we've needed to move
apartments and homes because it was often cheaper to just book the mid-size rate for the day and get
the upgrade than it was to actually book a U-Haul truck and pay the mileage rate. Another place
where we really appreciate these upgrades is in Hawaii.
So maybe it's the marketing brainwashing of Hawaii, but whenever we go, we always want
like a convertible or a Jeep. And we're at a pretty much 100% success rate for booking a mid-size
in Hawaii on all three islands and getting at least a Jeep Wrangler or a Chevy Camaro convertible.
Sometimes we've even gotten a BMW convertible. For those of you familiar with National and
the islands of Hawaii, you might be wondering, hey, some of those
National and Hawaii are really good. And so we've got a lot of good options.
Locations on some of the islands don't have an executive aisle. So how do you go about getting
the upgrades? Well, it's the same advice I gave, I think in episode eight for Hyatt, which is just
ask, go up to the counter, tell them that, hey, you're here with your wife, you're on vacation,
and you'd like to see if there's any upgrades available. And most of the time, and this has
worked a hundred percent of the time for us, they've given us the upgrade because they don't
give these proactively for whatever reason they don't. So you're assigned whatever
car that you booked, but you are eligible for an upgraded car. And often all it takes is just a
little bit of extra effort to just politely with a smile, ask the counter agent. And if they have
one available, they'll generally give it to you. And Hawaii being Hawaii, there are tons of
convertibles and Jeeps available for rent. So your chances of securing one of those via an upgrade is
very high. And even if there isn't one immediately available, a good question to ask the counter
person is,
hey, is anything going to be ready soon? Is anything being washed? And that's how we've
ended up getting BMW convertibles was someone had just checked it in. It was getting cleaned
and washed. No one had booked it yet. No one had gotten the upgrade for it yet. And we waited 15
minutes and the car was ready and we drove off in a BMW. It's funny because our Hawaii trips have
sort of kind of turned into like these surreal scenes out of White Lotus because we ended up
staying on the most recent trip at the Mauna Kea, which
is like this $10,000 a week resort that we booked entirely on points. We drove in to the gated area
in our brand new white BMW convertible, which we paid like $200, $300 for, but it looks expensive.
And we're in Hawaii, in Kona. The flights can be expensive, but we paid for it entirely with
our Southwest points. And my wife flew for free with the Southwest companion pass. So yeah,
you almost end up attracting like an
unwanted level of attention from locals who are like, Oh, these, these rich tourists coming into
our Island. But you know, uh, by the power of churning, it was all free. And another reason
why I love Southwest, I love national and I love Hyatt and sometimes even Marriott when I have
Marriott points. All right. So moving on to some tips and tricks when it comes to booking, because
as you might've realized while listening to this upgrades are great, but there are still upgrades.
What happens if the
executive aisle doesn't have the car that you actually need? Like you actually need to transport
six people. So you need an SUV. Is it better to just book that SUV directly? And the answer is
sort of so unlike hotels, rental cars don't have really a cancellation policy. The exception being
when you do a prepaid rate, which is sort of a Hertz thing with national, there are no prepaid
rates. So you don't even need to worry about that. But essentially there are no cancellation fees. You
can cancel this car at any time. You can even cancel it after your rental has started. Although
that sometimes requires a little bit more work, but they've actually kept a really flexible customer
friendly policy when it comes to cancellations. I think the reason being that a lot of these
rental car companies are based at airports and flights change, flights get canceled,
and they've maintained a really flexible cancellation policy as a result of that.
And so to get the best of both worlds, when it comes to your rental car
as well as securing the car that you need, you would just make two bookings. What we do is we
have the first booking scheduled to start about an hour after our flight lands. And the reason for
that hour is so that we have time to peruse the executive aisle section and decide what we want
to do. So if the executive aisle doesn't have the car that we want, we have time to then cancel it
in the app. You can still cancel it even after your rental starts, but sometimes you have to go
to the counter to do it. It's easy to cancel it after your rental starts, but sometimes you have to
cancel it before the rental starts, which is why we give ourselves that hour buffer. And if you do
find something you like, you can just leave with that car even before your rental is technically
supposed to begin. They don't really care about you checking in early. At the same time, you also
have a second booking that's scheduled to start an hour after the first booking. So roughly two
hours after your flight lands. And what that second booking does is it secures the car that you
actually need in case you don't have the car that you need. So you can just cancel it before the
rental starts, but you don't find something on the executive aisle. So if you really need that
seven-seater SUV and you're willing to pay for it, book it, but have it scheduled to start anywhere
from 30 minutes to an hour after the first booking. So you have time to cancel it if you do find
something on the aisle that you like. And if you don't find the thing on the aisle that you needed,
then you can cancel the first one and go with your backup reservation. So this completely eliminates
the risk of gambling on an upgrade because you know you'll get the car that you actually need
if all things don't go your way. But you also are now open to the possibility of getting a car for
significantly cheaper. We've actually never had to resort to using our backup booking. That's the
booking that we consistently end up canceling. But it's a peace of mind thing knowing that you
have that security if things don't work out on the executive aisle. But national being national
and not Hertz, they're really good about stocking up that executive aisle. So this double booking
upgrade method consistently secures the car that you actually need. So you don't have to
save as much money than even auto slash. Midsize rates can be as low as $30 a day to maybe $100 a day
when there's a high demand period. But yeah, compared to what you're paying sometimes for like
let's say a BMW or an SUV or a convertible, it's a fraction of the cost. So yeah, works out really
well. Another method which is a bit more in a gray area is trying out different corporate codes for
your booking. National has a field when you make a booking called account number. And that's for
essentially corporate codes based on where you work, what organizations you're with. They include
things like being part of AAA, but also more obscure things like working at IBM or working
for the state of Georgia. I mean, I'm neither going to encourage nor discourage you to do this.
But what I will say is you can pretty easily find lists of these codes online. And yeah,
I've never once had national check my ID for any code.
Even back when I was working for a company that had a really good discount,
never once during many rentals did they ever ask to see my company ID. Just know that if on the 1%
chance they ask for the ID and you don't have it, if they're really being strict about it,
they'll say, sorry, I can't rent this car to you without the ID and you'll just have to drive it
back. No harm, no foul. But that means you don't have a rental car now, or at least you don't have
one without paying some rent. So yeah, that's a good way to start. And I think it's a good way to
really high same day non-discounted booking price. But that's where you can apply a variation
of the double booking method to have a third booking at Hertz. But it doesn't have to be
at Hertz. It can be any other place where you'd like your backup to be, whether it's
a place that auto slash found you a really good rate for, or it's another place where you have
status. And remember with your national status that you get from the credit card, you can also
match that into Hertz status or Avis status.
And so you'll have status of these other companies. And so usually you can find decent
rates and have a selection in their version of an aisle. It's not as good as Emerald club, but
as a backup, it's not bad. So effectively what ends up happening when you apply all these methods
together is that you have a super discounted rate on a midsize car that you're hoping you can get
an upgrade. But if the upgrade doesn't work, you still have a super discounted rate on a car that
you actually need. Let's say an SUV.
And if as you're leaving the agent that's checking you out decides to really be a stickler about the
account number that you're using for the rental, and you're not able to talk your way out of it,
like, Hey, I forgot my ID or, Hey, my friend gave me this number because she works at blah, blah,
blah on the less than 1% chance that happens. Well, you'll just drive that car back. They'll
cancel your booking and you'll have a backup at Hertz or whichever other agency that you decided
to go with.
Most likely though, things will go perfectly fine and you'll leave with that first booking
and you'll end up canceling your second national booking and your third backup booking.
So this triple booking strategy effectively takes out both the risk of upgrades as well
as the risk of trying super discounted rates. In terms of codes, you can pretty easily find a few
on flyer talk. One of the threads there, people will mention it. You can do some Googling too.
And some of these sites will show up. I found one a few years ago that had,
a pretty good list. Uh, and yeah, maybe I'll, I'll post a link on the daily trend podcast.com.
If you go to this episode to the list that I found online that has some really good codes and I'll,
I'll probably put it behind like a members only section, which, you know, it's free to sign up.
You just put in your email. So don't worry, I'm not trying to make you pay for anything, but
that way it's not like being indexed and it's not super public. So that hopefully,
only the folks who listened to this podcast, uh, will think to, to sign in and see the link,
but yeah, I'll stick it on there and, and you can do with it what you will, you know, but again,
everyone's comfort and anxiety level with this kind of stuff is, is different. So your mileage
may vary one odd thing that's started to happen in the last, I want to say a few months or a year.
And so I'm having trouble figuring out if this is because of the pandemic and the general rental car
crunch.
That all these agencies are experiencing with their lack of rental cars. But right now,
most of the codes are not working. They're either throwing an error or they're giving you a rate
that's way higher than what just a regular booking would give you, which is strange because
even the code that I've used with my company in the past, which is a legitimate code that people
are still being instructed to use is throwing up a higher rate,
which kind of leads me to believe it's somehow related to the rental car shortage,
but it is possible that national has kind of swept in and attempted to sort of disable a lot of these
codes by jacking up the rate. But yeah, it is strange that even legitimate codes are sometimes
doing this. That said some codes on the list are still working really well. And the list is really
long, so I'm not going to go into which ones work, which ones don't it's at your disposal to, to do
what you want with.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
One thing to keep in mind though, is that if you are new to national,
the first time you rent with national or any car rental agency actually is that the very first
time you rent, they'll want you to actually go to the counter so they can verify your driver's
license and make sure you have a credit card on file. So for that first time that you make your
first booking, I would probably advise against doing anything too crazy. Maybe even avoid the
double booking method because you may have to explain to that counter person,
why you have two bookings, which may not be the most comfortable conversation. So make sure your
first booking is nice and straightforward and above board, and they properly verify your
accounts. And then you can try these methods for future bookings, because once you're verified,
you can skip the counter and just pick up your car and you don't really have to interact with
anyone except the person at the final gate that just looks at your ID and scans the code on your
car. But yeah, overall, it's a pretty amazing program.
With a lot of savings to be had, if you're at least executive status, if you don't have status
yet, I think I mentioned earlier, you can get status pretty easily by opening one of those
Amex Platinums or Chase Sapphire Reserves, or actually you can status match international
and national is one of the unique programs that accepts status matches from not just car rental
agencies, but also hotels and airlines. So if you're a high globalist, for example,
you can status match into national,
which is actually their top, top tier. Similarly, if you have like United 1K
or American Airlines status, same kind of thing. It's just a form you can fill out online.
I'll post a link to the status match form on the dailychurnpodcast.com as well,
as well as some other links so that you can easily find this stuff. But yeah,
hopefully you found this episode helpful. Hopefully you're excited to try and rent
with national and give some of these methods a go and let me know how it goes.
Thanks guys. I will catch you all next. Nope. I will catch you guys in two weeks.
Thanks for tuning in. See ya.
