Hey guys, welcome to another episode of The Daily Churn. This is episode 13, I believe,
and today we're going to be talking about churning SIM cards or other cell phone plans and
cell phone carriers and how that can save you a lot of money on cell phones as well as the
monthly plans. And part of what brought this topic to mind was that right now Visible with
the iPhone 13 release is running an offer where you can literally just get $250 off of a brand
new iPhone 13 without locking yourself into like a 24 to 36 month contract that you usually would
with one of the big carriers. And then there's just a lot of deals in general for cell phone
plans that even outside of Visible, you're going to be able to get discounts where, for example,
my P2 and I, we pay, I think right now about $7 a month per person,
$4.
And, you know, we're coming from our old Verizon grandfathered unlimited data plan that we held on
for many, many years and we were paying, I feel like close to $200 between the two of us. And
especially if you're trying to do like the lean fire thing, or if you're just trying to be a bit
more budget conscious, there's a lot of different opportunities out there to get your cell phone
plan for significantly cheaper. I think part of it is just kind of shifting the mindset of
thinking about your cell phone plan.
As more like a bank account or a credit card that you churn when the best deal comes around,
rather than this thing that you're locked in with this one carrier for, for upwards of,
you know, like a decade, which is how long we were with Verizon for. And yeah,
I thought now would be a good time to kind of cover this because Black Friday is coming up and
Black Friday usually has a ton of really good deals for both cell phones and their plans. But,
you know, even outside of Black Friday, these deals are on slick deals all the time.
And for me, before I got really heavy into the credit card and bank churning stuff and checking
DOC all the time, I was on Slick Deals. Slick Deals was my DOC back in the day. And, you know,
I think transitioning to DOC is probably better because I think with churning, it tends to make
you money, whereas Slick Deals saves you money, but you're still spending money in the long term.
But for things like cell phone plans, they're kind of, at least for me, a no-brainer because,
I mean, we're easily saving probably almost $2,000 a year now because we churn cell phone plans.
And I haven't personally felt like a noticeable difference in my quality of life by not being
on Verizon directly. So something to think about, but we'll start with the visible and then we'll
cover some of the various options out there for churning other plans. But the visible one is
especially good.
So yeah, let's dive in. So visible is a MVNO. I think that stands for mobile virtual network
operator. Essentially, they're the sub companies that use towers from other companies like Verizon
and T-Mobile. So they don't have any of their own towers. What they're doing is essentially
reselling bandwidth from one of the big carriers towers. Now visible is an MVNO of Verizon. So
they're using Verizon towers.
And I've never really used visible before. I've kind of seen their advertising around
actually at a concert. So I think they're trying to target the younger,
hipper demographic and their website design kind of speaks to that as well. It's a little bit more
chic, but they caught my eye because they had an offer on the iPhone 13, where by buying through
them, you would get a $200 MasterCard back. And then you also get a HomePod mini as well, which
even if you don't want one, you can easily resell it.
For 80, 85, it comes in a brand new sealed box. And so their offer was really appealing versus
buying it from Apple directly. Now you may be wondering, well, why wouldn't I just get it
through T-Mobile or AT&T because they're giving these iPhones out for free? Well,
the difference is it's sort of apples and oranges because with AT&T, for example,
and T-Mobile, they are locking you into a 24 to 36 month contract. And their plans
are the same. They're not going to be the same. They're going to be the same. They're going to
significantly more expensive. You're significantly overpaying for your plan in
order to subsidize that phone. Even when they have trade-in offers, it's still generally better
to just sell the phone yourself and not lock yourself into one of these carriers that charge
$50 to $100 for a single line of service. Visible only requires three months of service in order to
qualify for the $200 gift card. And you do have to port in a number from another carrier
into Visible in order to qualify for that $200 gift card. And I'll touch on that in the second
part of the episode regarding how you can churn these kind of port-ins. But essentially, you have
to pay for the full three months of service, but the phone lock is only for 60 days. So after that,
you're free to do whatever you want with the phone. But this is where it gets interesting.
So Visible actually has unlimited data, talk, and text for $45 a month, which already is a lot
cheaper than what you'd pay, let's say, Verizon directly. Then they have this weird feature called
party pay. They market it as a family plan that's open to everyone. So essentially, what happens is
you just join a party via a link. And by joining a party, your costs come down from $45 down to
$25 a month, which I can't figure out what the incentive for Visible to do this is or why just
not offer their plans. So it's a lot cheaper than what you'd pay, let's say, Verizon directly.
And at $25 for everyone, what's the benefit of making everyone form these parties? Because
these parties are public. You can join any party. And it's not like a traditional family plan where
then you can see all the info about the people in the party. No, you literally just join a party.
There's a Reddit Visible party plan, and I think it's the biggest party plan on Visible that has,
I think, 16,000 members. So you can just join that party. And I'll post the link to this.
But once you join the party, your cell phone,
gets cut down to $25 a month. Then if you join Visible using a referral link,
which you can find on DOC or Reddit, and I'll post my referral link on my website as well.
But what happens there is the person who is referring you gets a month of service for $5,
and you get a month of service for $5. So essentially, your first month should only
cost you $5. Then your second and third month should only cost you $25. That ends up being
$55 total in service that you need to pay for your party. So that's a lot of money.
in order to qualify for this offer, which gives you around $285 worth of value from that gift card
and that HomePod. So for example, for me, I bought the iPhone 13 Pro, which on Apple retails for
$999. Visible, for some reason, is selling it for $984. So I guess you save $15 that way.
And you get $200 back from the Visa gift card and $85 back from selling the HomePod. But then you
have to pay $55 for three months of Visible service. So the end total ends up being $754
for a brand new iPhone 13. Also, Rakuten gives $15 cash back on Visible. Plus, there's offers on
some Bank of America and Chase cards that are giving $25 off that way as well. So you could
potentially get it down to about $700 for a brand new iPhone 13 Pro, which is like a really,
really good deal considering you're not locking
yourself into a three-year contract. You can right now on Swappa, for example,
sell an iPhone 12 Pro, so over a year old, and the iPhone 13 has come out for $750.
So the fact that you can get a brand new iPhone 13 Pro for even cheaper than that is amazing because
now you have the potential of just using the phone for the next year. And if you wanted to,
when the iPhone 14 comes out, you can just sell the 13 and probably make a little bit of money
over what you paid for it.
Which for me is kind of how I think about it. It's like an iPhone 13 rental for a year. We love
taking photos. And I mean, not to just gush on the iPhone 13, but the camera is really, really good.
And renting that for free, or I guess being paid like 20 bucks to rent it for a year is
kind of a no-brainer for me. So how do you go about getting this deal?
Well, the normal non-churney way is you just port in your phone number and you
reach to Visible, which at $25 a month for unlimited is just a really damn good deal.
I think the common criticisms levied by folks who have that Stockholm syndrome with their current
cell phone carriers, which, hey, I was that for 10 years. You could not get me off Verizon.
But I would just say, especially now with the pandemic and everything, just question how often
you leave the house and how often you're making phone calls outside of the house. Because if you
leave your cell phone at home, you're not going to be able to use your internet at home. And now,
hey, if you're one of those folks that uses your cell phone as your home internet, because you're
on, let's say, Verizon's grandfathered unlimited plan, great. You definitely shouldn't switch.
But for the most of us, we have home internet. And at home, you can activate Wi-Fi calling,
which just calls using your Wi-Fi, not your cell phone plan. So think about that. And also, the
traffic's really congested. I don't want calls to be dropped and stuff. And I mean, with Visible,
it can happen. But for the most part, these MVNOs aren't really dropping calls these days.
You may get one or two dropped calls a month. And unless you're some kind of high-pressure,
high-stakes salesman where you're on the road all the time and a drop call could mean you're
losing business, I think most of us can just call the person back if a phone call gets dropped.
There's also concerns about data,
and is it going to load slow, et cetera. The plus side, it is Verizon's network. The downside is,
yeah, if you're living in New York City or San Francisco, your data may be slow. But again,
I would just ask, how often are you in places that don't have Wi-Fi? And so is it really worth
it to be paying Verizon $80 a month when you could be paying $25? So switching over to Visible just
as your main carrier is a pretty good option. And I think that's part of the appeal of Visible.
Visible is actually not just a mobile app. It's a mobile app that allows you to connect with your
clients and your clients are not just a Verizon MVNO. They're actually owned by Verizon. And
I think Verizon probably realized that, hey, they've got a great brand that they can then
transfer over to Visible and sell their extra bandwidth to. So yeah, Visible is a pretty good
stepping stone to some of the other plans that I'll talk about in a little bit.
Now, the more turny way of approaching this transaction is, let's say you already are on
another cell phone plan that's cheaper than Visible.
Or you just want to keep your main number on your main carrier, but you still want to get
a really good deal on an unlocked iPhone that you can sell or use on your main carrier without
re-signing up for another 24, 36 month contract. The way to do that then would be to buy a burner
SIM card. So you can go to pretty much any Target or Best Buy and just buy a prepaid SIM card.
And the sole purpose of that SIM card is for you to get a new number. So activate that SIM card,
then use it to port into Visible to qualify for the offer.
The issue with Visible is that they have restrictions on what qualifies as a port in
that will qualify for their promotional credit. You can port any number into Visible,
but only a specific list of carriers will qualify for their $200 gift card.
And so unfortunately, some of the super cheap carriers that we'll talk about like
Red Pocket and Freedom Pop, where you can buy those SIM cards for literally a dollar,
those are not on the list of eligible carriers for Visible.
However, there is Ting, which is listed on their list, T-I-N-G. And for a while,
they're running sales on the Ting SIM card for $0.99 each. So right now, I think it's back to
$9.99, so $10. Still not a big deal, still a very low price. But when they were running it for $0.99
like a couple of weeks ago, I just swung by my Target and picked up two of them. I would have
gotten more, but they were sold out at that point. So it's not a big deal. It's still a very low
price. But when they were running it for $0.99, like a couple of weeks ago, I just swung by my
Target and picked up two of them. So it's not a big deal, still a very low price. But when they
were running it for $0.99, like a couple of weeks ago, I just swung by my Target and picked up two
of them. So it's not a big deal, still a very low price. But when they were running it for $0.99,
and I got the last two at the Target. So this is pretty popular with SIM card churners.
And most of these SIM cards will come with a month or two of free service,
even the $0.99 ones, because they want you to try their service. So that allows you to activate
without paying them anything. And then in the case of Ting, I activated it. An hour later,
I messaged their online support to get the port out info, which is your account number
and a pin code that you need to port the number to Visible. They gave me that number and then
within an hour, I was ported into Visible for the grand total of $1. And so as you start to explore
more of these cell phone plan and cell phone deals, you'll notice that a lot of these MVNOs
will require a port in, particularly for deals where they're giving you a phone for a discount,
like they really want you to bring a number in. And so when you see deals like the $0.99 prepaid
Ting card, it's smart just to keep a few of those around if you plan on pursuing these offers.
It never hurts to have
some burner SIM cards that you can use to qualify. And especially in the case of Visible,
they run this kind of an offer all the time. Like if you're listening to this and the $200
offer on an iPhone 13 Pro with a HomePod Mini is not around anymore, just wait till Black Friday
or wait till Christmas or wait till the iPhone 14 comes out. They do this kind of offer pretty
frequently. And I think the previous one was $200 off plus a Bose noise-canceling headphones,
or it was AirPods Pro.
Pretty good. You can resell both and actually both of those resell better than the HomePod Mini.
So just keep an eye out for it and something will come along.
As you start to do these cell phone offers, you'll notice that porting in is really,
really easy. You know, you can get better deals by just switching over every three,
six months, instead of sticking with one carrier. This isn't like the first days where MVNOs came
about and Verizon was being like completely swamped with traffic and calls are being
dropped all the time. Things have gotten a lot better since then. And for the most part,
it's pretty reliable unless you have some super critical job that requires you to have full speed
data access and zero calls dropped all the time, which, you know, probably isn't the majority of
us. So now we'll go through some of the other options outside of Visible that are even cheaper
than Visible and is actually what my wife and I are using. A bit of background on my scenario
and how I go about churning these. Last year during Black Friday, Cricket Wireless,
had an offer where you could get an iPhone SE, the second generation one, so the newer one,
for $99, but you had to stay with Cricket for six months. Their cheapest plan is $30 a month.
So they're not actually that competitive compared to like Visible, but they do offer
some good deals on phones occasionally. And so during Black Friday,
essentially $100 for the phone, then stuck with Cricket for six months. So at $30, that's $180.
But with Cricket, it's a prepaid plan. And so you can preload that plan using gift cards.
And Kroger during Black Friday also had a 15% sale on gift cards, one of them being Cricket.
So essentially I ended up paying $150 for $180 worth of Cricket service.
So all in all ended up being $100 plus $150 of service. So $250 for six months on Cricket,
plus the iPhone SE. And then if you recall from a couple episodes ago,
I just resold on Swappa, which I love for reselling iPhones particularly.
I just resold that iPhone SE for $258. So I ended up making $8 from that whole transaction.
They essentially paid me $8 to use their cell phone service for six months. And it
was actually even a little bit cheaper than that because I also referred my wife. So I got another
extra free month of service and she was also on Cricket with the iPhone SE.
Now one thing worth mentioning, though, is that $30
Cricket plan was only for two gigabytes of data a month. It was unlimited talk and text,
but two gigabytes of LTE data, which if you use your phone a lot outdoors without Wi-Fi,
then two gigabytes might be kind of too low for you. But again, I guess I would just sort of
question, do you really need that much data? Because I thought I needed Verizon's truly
unlimited data. I thought I needed to get to that point, which was two gigabytes of data.
grandfathered plan that I was paying like $100 for. And, you know, now that I'm on the two gigabyte
plan, I honestly don't think you need that much data unless you have a job really that requires
it. But a lot of things really is just kind of a habit thing. Like instead of downloading all of
my podcasts on the road while I'm driving, I can just download them before I leave and I don't end
up using any data on the drive, you know? So a lot of it is a shift in mindset, but again,
different for everyone. But particularly if you're trying to do the lean fire thing, I feel like
scaling back data usage is a pretty good starting point. So that was six months with Cricut. And at
the end of the six months, my phone was unlocked. I could sell it and I could leave Cricut. And
that's a good choice because Cricut's $30 a month is not that good considering you can get visible
through Verizon at $25 a month for unlimited. So
moved off of Cricut and went over to Tello. And again, these deals are on slick deals all the
time. There's going to be a lot of them during Black Friday, but even outside of Black Friday,
they're posted even right now. And I'll post links to these, but there's deals for pretty
much all of the carriers that I'm about to cover. So fairly easy to find. We switched over to Tello
back in, I think, May or June. And with Tello, it was six months of service for $41 for two
gigabytes with unlimited.
So basically the same as the $30 Cricut plan, except it ended up being only $7 a month. And I
referred my wife and I got a free month that way as well. So yeah, it ended up being less than $7
a month for that service. And so Tello is what I'm on currently, except I also just did the
port in offer with visible using a burner ting number. So right now I have both Tello and visible
active across two different numbers. But the plan is to get rid of that service. So I'm going to
once my visible phone unlocks, I'll move that back over to the Tello plan and the Tello plan set to
expire in about a month or two, which is perfect because then it will be Black Friday where I'll
be buying a new plan for another three months or six months. So if you kind of think about these
plans on that kind of a cycle, then every three or six months, just sign up for a new one,
the same way you churn a bank account or churn a credit card. For example, right now,
there's a Cricut deal that was even better than the one I got during Black Friday,
which is if you sign up with Cricut and pay $180, so essentially they want you to pay
for three months of their unlimited service, they'll give you an iPhone SE for free immediately.
And the trick with Cricut is as soon as you activate on the same day you activate,
you can switch from that $60 unlimited plan down to the $30 two gigabyte plan. So $30 times six
is $180. So the $180 is $180. So if you sign up with Cricut and pay $180, you can get a free
$180 that you prepaid when you ordered is now being used towards six months worth of Cricut
service. And you get the iPhone for free, which you can sell that iPhone still on Swappa for around
$250. So essentially Cricut is paying you $70 over six months for you to use their service.
Even assuming the iPhone SE drops down to $200 by the time you sell it,
you're still making $20 off of that. So better than free cell phone service through Cricut.
Now Cricut though, their prices on their plans isn't as competitive. So it's important that
you only switch to Cricut when there is a good offer where they're giving out free phones and
iPhones particularly are the ones you want to get because they have such good resale value on Swappa.
Another good one that has deals all the time is Mint. So Mint, I think uses T-Mobile,
whereas Cricut was on AT&T. Mint right now has $45 for six months,
the plan you'll be on is the four gigabyte plan. So you're paying $7.50 for four gigabytes of data
each month, which is really good. It's like double what Cricut is offering. And it's better than my
Telo plan right now. So that's the one I'm going to try and get during Black Friday. I think this
Mint offer is valid all the way through early January, I think. So you have quite a while to
order it and it might be worth seeing if it gets even better during Black Friday, but great deal.
If you're one of those folks that needs more data, they're also offering six months at $60
for 10 gigabytes a month, which ends up being $10 a month. So still way cheaper than Visible.
Not as good as the Cricut offer, but with the Cricut offer, you have to resell the phone on
Swappa, which you might be too lazy to do. So Mint's a pretty good staple one to use because
they generally have better prices. I think Cricut actually has physical stores. I'm pretty sure I've
seen a Cricut store while driving.
So that's kind of why they have the higher costs, whereas I don't think I've ever seen a Mint store.
So they may be online only and hence they're able to reduce their costs. There's also Telo,
which is the one I'm currently using. And again, Telo has a great deal right now that's even better
than the one I signed up on because I signed up, it was $41, I think for six months. Right now it's
$39 for six months of service, two gigabytes. And you also get a $20 Stack Social credit. So you buy
the plan on Stack Social.
I've never used Stack Social for anything outside of buying this Telo plan. So I don't know how much
use that $20 of Stack Social credit is or how much value that has to folks. But yeah, you're getting
for $39, you're getting six months of service at two gigabytes, plus you're getting a $20 Stack
Social credit. So even without that credit, that's $6.50 a month for your cell service.
Another one that comes up all the time is Red Pocket. And Red Pocket usually sells,
the plan for a full year. And I think it was last time, like $84 for a year of service,
unlimited calls and texts, but only one gigabyte of data. So ends up being $7 a month for one
gigabyte, which isn't actually as good as the Mint and sometimes the Cricut one. So it's nice to have
as a backup, but just keep that in mind. Like right now, Red Pocket is offering $1 for one
month at their 50 gigabyte plan. So, I mean, that's an amazing offer, but it's only for one
month. So it's a little bit gimmicky and a little annoying to have to switch and port somewhere
else after a month. But you know, if you want to go really hard and heavy on these cell phone plan
churns, you could buy the $1 Red Pocket plan right now with 50 gigabytes of data, port your number in
there. Then let's see, port your number into Cricut. If you want to make a bit of money and
sell the iPhone on Swappa, or if not, switch over to Mint. So it might sound like all this
switching is a lot of work, but honestly, porting in,
is super easy. It's way easier than applying for a bank account. And in the longterm, I think can
save you a lot of money. And I think one concern people have is like, well, what if there's no
deals happening during a time where my plan expires and now I'm going to have to pay Cricut
full price? I would just say that there's pretty much always a plan sale happening and you can
always still use Visible as your backup. If your Telo or your Mint or your Cricut is about to,
expire, and now you're going to pay a full price for one of their plans, don't. Just port into
Visible instead and get the $25 plan. You'll probably be able to get that first month for
$5 as well, depending on how hard they enforce this referral thing. And so you always have
Visible as like a backup foundational cell phone plan while you churn these other plans.
Lastly, there's a few plans that, especially if you're going hard on lean fire, or if you're
someone who just doesn't really use their phone,
that much outside of their house, except for like making the occasional call or receiving texts
or like Google Maps to go somewhere. These plans can actually work out really well. So
these aren't even deals. These are just plans that exist. One of which is Freedom Pop. And so
Freedom Pop for a little while actually was on the list of eligible carriers for a Visible port in.
Unfortunately, Visible removed that probably because too many people were just buying these
cheap Freedom Pops.
But I don't know. I mean, the Ting one was only $1 and Ting's still on the eligible list. FYI,
Cricket and Mint, those are all eligible carriers for Visible port ins to get the promotion offer as
well. So they all count as legit ones. But Freedom Pop, I guess, is too cheap now for Visible to
want to care whether you bring their number in from. They're like, you guys don't make us any
money anyway. So we'd rather you not be a Visible customer. But Freedom Pop is $2.99 a month without
any offer.
It's the standard price. I think you have to pay $5 or $10 to get the SIM card shipped to you. Or you
can buy the SIM card actually at Best Buy or Target. But $2.99 for 400 minutes a month and
one gigabyte of data. So for me, I think I probably am close to that range where most of the calls I
make are at home when I'm on Wi-Fi. So it doesn't use my cell plan. And data wise, honestly, I don't
really use more than a gigabyte. I download most of my music and I don't really use more than a gigabyte.
I download most of my music and my podcast before I leave. GPS uses barely any data. And so yeah, $2.99 a
month. No promotions. You can just get that. That's pretty cool. Then there's also TextNow, which is a
service where it's completely free. So there's no data. You'd have to pay for data. And it's not
that competitive. I think it's like $10 or $20 for a gigabyte. But if you're just using it for calls
and text, it's completely free. And you don't have to be on Wi-Fi. You can be outside. And you can
use the cell towers as well. You don't pay anything. The downside is you have to use their
app. And I think their app will show you ads. So I haven't used it myself personally because I do
need data. But if you're like someone who doesn't really need to be on data outside of your home or
when there's no Wi-Fi, the fact that it's completely free, I mean, I might just get one to
have as like a burner number for signing up for things. So yeah, TextNow is the name of that app.
And I'm going to post links to all of these on the dailychurnpodcast.com. Links to like the
Slick Deals deals that are ongoing. But honestly, just sign up for an alert on Slick Deals for cell
phones or cell phone plans. And you'll be getting a lot of emails about those. So there's really no
shortage of it. And yeah, my goal is essentially to keep my cell phone costs down to like $5 to $10
a month compared to like the $100 to $200 for two lines that we were paying Verizon, which has saved
money. And I would recommend anyone just at least consider it, you know, and really just ask
yourself, what do I really need unlimited data for? Do I truly need it? Or is it just kind of
a comfort thing or a simple habit change, like pre-downloading some things will eliminate a lot
of that data usage. So yeah, hopefully you guys enjoyed this episode. I know it's a little
different. I know most people don't really churn cell phones. It's like brokerages. Most folks
are in their brokerages, but you know, churn everything, right? And yeah, next episode will
be in the beginning of November for the October recap. I'm doing these podcasts on a two-week
cycle now. Yeah, October has been going pretty good. The actual episode might be delayed by
like a day or two, maybe instead of Monday on a Tuesday, because I'm going to be in Ventana,
like the Ventana Big Sur, which if you recall from the Hyatt episode is a hotel I've been
pretty excited to try out as a globalist. Totally.
Unrelated. But if you've been trying to book the Ventana Big Sur, I've found that 14 days out
is consistently a time when they open up more standard award inventory because their
cancellation policy is 14 days out. And so a lot of people cancel right at the 14 day mark,
which opens up the awards for you. So something I just found out, like a couple of friends that
wanted to join us were able to find inventory. So that works out well. We'll be there and then
come back for the...
November episode. And then middle of November, I've got something a little bit different planned.
I still need to think about it a bit more, but it should be good. Hopefully it will be interesting.
But yeah, that's it for the programming updates. As always, you can find everything I talked about
on the dailychurnpodcast.com. There's a newsletter if you sign up. The only thing
that will get emailed to you is a notification along with a summary of the episode when it
comes out. So that's kind of cool. But otherwise, thanks for listening, guys. I will catch you guys
in a couple of weeks. See ya.
