Hey guys, welcome to episode 15 of The Daily Churn. Today we're going to do something a little
bit different. There's been a few requests over the last couple months for a guide to how I go
about tracking and organizing all these offers that I tackle. So I'm going to walk you guys
through my tracking spreadsheet for credit cards as well as share it with you guys. Especially if
you're new to churning, this can be a pretty nice starting template for you to use and if you're
more experienced and you've been churning for a while, I'm sure you have your own tracking system
but maybe this can help improve that or tame the beast that is a spreadsheet that tends to grow
over a decade. And so we'll start with just the credit card spreadsheet that I've been using for
the last 10 years that I've sort of refined and changed and it's been working pretty well and
in the future if there's interest I could share the bank one or the lean fire one. Those are
definitely more unwieldy.
I've been doing them for less time and the newbie mistake I think with a lot of these spreadsheets
is to go overboard with the ton of columns that you're trying to put in a lot of data in and the
more things you require of yourself to fill out, the less likely you're going to fill it out. And
so those are a work in progress that I'm going to cull but I'm pretty happy with the credit card
one. So we'll start with that and out of the things you can track, I would say credit cards
are probably the most important one. If you're going to track anything, it should definitely
be your credit cards because you got to monitor when you open the card so that you know when you
need to meet your spend bonus by and then when you need a cancel or downgrade the card by. And
mistakes here are particularly costly. I'm sure we've all experienced missing a bonus or missing
a credit card payment, which is really the worst thing you can do. So with good management while
churning a lot of cards, you can keep all of that in check and still maintain a great credit score.
For example, my wife and I are now in the
700s and that's purely as a result of churning. Prior to doing all of this credit card stuff,
I used to be in the six, maybe low 700s. So it's been really good for us, but it can only happen
if you have a good system to sort of manage all of this. If you want to follow along, you can find
the Google Sheet that I've been using on the dailychurnpodcast.com. You can just open that
and make a copy for yourself. I left a couple years worth of data in that sheet to kind of
give you a sense of
the
how to use it. So hopefully that's helpful too. And no worries if you're driving or not at a
computer, I'll be going through everything on kind of a high level and you can always circle back to
the spreadsheet later. Before I dive in, I just want to preface this by saying that the spreadsheets
aren't like a mind-blowing work of Google Sheet art. They're very basic and anyone can go and
make them. So you can definitely just go make your own. These just happen to be the columns
and the things that I've been putting in over the years that have,
worked well for me and have kept me going back to use this spreadsheet because that is the single
most important thing with these spreadsheets is that you go back and check them consistently
a couple of times a month. I do it on the first of the month and the 15th of the month.
So it needs to be fast and it needs to be simple to the point where you can fill it out very quickly
and it doesn't feel like a chore. So this one served me well over the last decade and yeah,
let's dive in. So three fairly unexciting but useful columns on the Google Sheet.
On the left that I would recommend definitely having in your spreadsheet is just who the card
was open for, the type of card, business or personal, and what bank it was, Chase, Amex,
Citi, etc. That way you can really quickly filter and scan through your list if you ever need to
find or count the number of cards you have. Then the rest of the columns, I would say they're all
pretty important. There's really no fluff in the spreadsheet, but the two columns that I check the
most are the status columns.
And the due date columns. Now the statuses that I use are again pretty simple. It's cancel,
downgrade, or keep. And the due date tells you when you need to cancel or downgrade the card by.
I always set the cancel or downgrade date to the first or 15th of the month so that I only need to
check the spreadsheet twice a month. But you can really use any date as long as it's within that
30-day window after your annual fee hits. So that if you need to cancel or downgrade,
you don't need to cancel the card before the annual fee hits. Sometimes I do have to bump this
date back once the date rolls around because the annual fee, depending on the card issuer,
doesn't always get issued on exactly a year from when you open the card. Sometimes they wait a few
weeks, they wait till the next cycle, or they wait till the beginning of the next month. So just keep
an eye out for that as you're using the sheet. Most importantly though, you probably want to
make sure that you don't cancel the card before the annual fee hits because depending again on
the card issuer, sometimes that makes you a little bit more likely to cancel the card. So if you're
liable to have the bonus clawed back because they want you to have the card open for a full year.
But as long as you're checking back on the 1st and the 15th or just at least I'd say twice a month
to look at your spreadsheet, then you should be good to go. And I use Google Keep to set a
automated reminder on the 1st and 15th of the month for me to go and look at the spreadsheet.
You can use Apple Reminders or anything else really, but one issue with Apple Reminders is
it's only on Apple. And I've definitely been using Apple Reminders for a long time. So if you're
over the last 10 years had a change of phones where I moved from Apple to a Pixel and that
really messed up my reminder game and I almost missed a few things on my tracking sheets. So
Google Keep you can use across both Android and iPhones. So something to keep in mind.
But yeah, that due date is the column that I check and it can either mean cancel or downgrade
depending on what's in the status column. And I generally tend to downgrade my cards to
no fee. So I'm going to go ahead and do that. So I'm going to go ahead and do that. So I'm going to
if it's a personal card, because that helps keep your average age of accounts high on your credit
report, which is something that helps boost your credit score. So if there's no need to cancel it,
like you're not going to pay an annual fee, if there's a way you can downgrade it to one of these
no fee cards, that's definitely the preferred approach. But when downgrading is not an option
and it's not a card that I want to keep and pay the annual fee for, then I will just cancel it.
And for business cards, you can cancel those anytime because those,
don't go on your personal credit report anyway. So they're not really boosting your credit score.
So you would only keep those if they're free and you're seeing some benefit out of them.
So for example, on my spreadsheet, you'll see that I've got a couple
Chase Inc. caches open and those are no annual fees. They're business cards. I was thinking
about canceling them, but I figured I'd just keep them because you do get 5% at office supply stores,
which sometimes comes in handy for doing gift cards. Moving on to some of the other columns,
there's a open date column, which is pretty self-explanatory. It's useful for calculating
when the due date needs to be and for calculating when you need to meet the spend by. Plus, if you
ever need to quickly figure out if you're under Chase's 524 rule or when you will be under 524,
that column is great for that kind of filtering. And just a side note, if you ever want to verify
your 524 status, I use Credit Karma, which is totally free. And it will show you, I think your
Equifax and TransUnion.
And you can just go in and count the open dates. Kind of tedious, but at least that way you'll know
for sure what Chase and other banks are looking at. Then there's a couple of newer columns that
I added over the last few years due to some mistakes that I'd made, which is the auto pay
column and the bonus column. You can probably guess what mistake led to the auto pay column,
which is that when you're opening like 10, 20 new cards in a year and you forget to set
up auto pay, I distinctly remember a conversation with my wife where she was like, I got a late
payment reminder from like Bank of America. Did you not set up auto pay for this? And of course,
I hadn't. Luckily, all credit cards give you this 30-day grace period between when they send that
late payment notice email to you and when they actually report that late payment to the credit
bureau. So thankfully, it didn't hurt her credit score, but that would have been devastating if it
did. So super...
Super important that you check your auto pays. And this column kind of just forces you to make
sure that you have auto pay set up. Similar kind of reasoning for the bonus column, which is when
you're churning a lot of credit cards, you sort of start to lose track of what's posted and what's
pending and what spend on what card you've still got to meet. So this just kind of keeps you
accountable. And every time you look at the sheet, you know what's out there, what isn't,
and whether you need a follow up. Finally, there's a column called notes,
put in everything that doesn't fit into the other columns. So sometimes I'll put in the
amount I need to spend or a due date or retention offer that I was given. Just really anything that
doesn't fit well in any other spot. You could totally separate some of those things into their
own column. But for me, having it just be this flexible column works better because that way
you're not obligated to be filling out a whole bunch of columns every time you check the spreadsheet
and you add a new card. Because again, I would just caution against making too many columns. I've
definitely gone that route before and I've tried it both ways. And the more columns you have,
the more mental load it is and the less likely you are to fill it out. So having a sort of
flexible column, in my opinion, is better than having five super specific columns. But you know,
everyone's different and the spreadsheets out there, you can customize it to your heart's
content. And yeah, hopefully it's something that works well for you guys.
And helps keep you organized. So if you guys find this sheet useful, definitely happy to share my
Google sheet that I use for bank bonuses and other miscellaneous offers like swag books and
brokerages, etc. It just requires me to go in and clean it up a bit because I've noticed since I
started that sheet, which was about a year ago, I'm not checking it nearly as much as the credit
card one, even though I have due dates going off in there. So I think the reason why is because
that sheet has...
So many columns. I try to incorporate all the things about a bank bonus. When the bonus was
deposited, how much I funded it, what the account closure fee might be. Is there an early termination
fee? Did they send out a 1099 misc? Way too much stuff in hindsight. So I will be cleaning that up
for myself. And if there's interest, I can do another episode and share it with you guys here
as well. Same with my lean fire spreadsheet. That one I'm honestly scared to open most of the days
it's so heavy because it is very calculation heavy with lean fire. You're trying to figure out
how much do you have left in these buckets versus those buckets, how much inflation is,
and you adjust it based on the market growth and rate of return and all this stuff.
And it like slows my computer down sometimes, but it has all the numbers that we use that
we're currently following to do lean fire. So it's useful in that sense. I don't even think
necessarily my wife knows how to read that spreadsheet. Like I may be the only person
who understands it.
But again, if there's interest, I'm happy to share it and probably a good exercise for me anyway
to clean that thing up. Otherwise I will end it here. A bit of a shorter episode this week.
I will be at the Miraval over Thanksgiving on their buy one, get one free award night offer
that Hyatt was running. It's actually one of our favorite Hyatt hotels. So the next episode I think
will be a recap and yeah, maybe I'll squeeze in a little review of the Miraval as well. You can find,
this spreadsheet that we talked about today on the daily churn podcast.com. You can also
subscribe to the newsletter so that this will get delivered to your inbox every couple of weeks.
There's no spam and it's totally free to join. And you'll be the first to know when an episode
drops. Thanks for tuning in guys. Hope you all have a good Thanksgiving break and I will catch
you all in a couple of weeks. See ya.
