Hey guys, welcome to episode 17 of The Daily Churn. Today we are going to continue on with
an episode I did about a month or two back on churning SIM cards, except this time it's
going to be about churning cell phones and all the various cell phone deals that are
out there right now. I think I mentioned in the recap a couple weeks ago that I've sort
of been sleeping on all these cell phone deals. People have made a lot of money already on
these, specifically the $300 bring-your-own device and the buy-one-get-one on iPhones.
There's also the Best Buy T-Mobile crazy iPhone upgrade program that's been going on for the
last few months and is still active as of today when I checked. There's also the visible
$200 gift card plus free AirPods offer that's still active as well. And so I'll give tips
on how you can qualify for those offers and save some money. And totally unrelated, but
while you can qualify for those offers, there's also the Best Buy T-Mobile crazy iPhone upgrade
that's still active as well. And so I'll give tips on how you can qualify for those offers
using Swappa. I stumbled across something that could potentially be the answer to the
BFMR address issues I was having a couple episodes ago. So if that interests you, definitely
stick around until the end and we'll cover that too. But for now, let's dive into cell
phone deals. So starting with Costco, they're offering $300 for bringing your own device
and opening a new line on T-Mobile. So if you already have a T-Mobile account, super
easy just to add a line. If you don't, like we didn't, you can go and sign up. All you
need to do is sign up.
Go to Costco, open two lines, and two is the max number of lines you can open for this
promotion. You don't even need to have a P2. You can open both lines in your name. And
so open those two lines, and it takes about two to three months to receive the Costco
rebate card. So you do have to keep those lines open for that amount of time. And the
nice part is there's actually a plan that's talk and text only for $20 a month. So I didn't
even know about this plan when I did the churning SIM cards episode.
Where I was opening a Costco line to do the Best Buy trade-in, that's only $40 per month
for those two lines. Two to three months, you're looking at $80 to $120. And in return,
you'll get $600 at Costco. So really good deal.
One potential wrinkle in this plan is that it can be hard to get the T-Mobile rep to give
you the $20 month plan. Some might tell you that it's not eligible for the rebate. Some
are going to push you to the higher tiers because they actually earn a commission on
those.
Some people don't know about the $20 plan and don't know how to do it and have to call
customer service. So the quickest and easiest way is just to ask if they can get you on
that plan. If they give some BS excuse, that's fine. Just get the cheapest other plan that
includes data, which is the essentials plan. And that costs $100 a month for two people.
So not that great of a deal. Then when you get home, go on Twitter and message T-Force,
which is T-Mobile's amazing Twitter customer service, because they can resolve literally
anything, like unlocking your device or switching you straight into that $20 talk and text plan,
which is what we did.
So yeah, no need to battle it out with the 20 year old T-Mobile rep at Costco. Just go
home and get on Twitter. I believe at T-Mobile help is their handle. Just shoot them a message
and you should be good to go.
Then from here, there's a couple other paths you can take. Since you're already at Costco,
if they happen to have iPhones in stock, you could do the Costco BOGO deal. Essentially,
if you add a new line on T-Mobile at Costco and you purchase two iPhones, you'll receive
$720 in the form of a prepaid MasterCard in about three months. So it ends up being $720
off of the price of two iPhones. So the way to go about this of course, is to then resell
those iPhones on Swappa. And you can get those iPhones unlocked immediately, again, by contacting
T-Force and saying like, hey, I'm traveling abroad. I need them unlocked or really any
excuse.
Speaker 1
Speaker 2
you want to come up with, but you'll get those iPhones unlocked. You do have to pay for T-Mobile
service for that new line you added for three months, but you can get that as low as $20
with the unlimited talk and text only plan with no data. Or if you already have a T-Mobile account
and adding additional lines is pretty cheap, I think you can add lines for as low as like
$10 or $15 if you have a good family plan. And if you want to take it further, you can actually do
the BOGO offer twice. So you can get four iPhones by opening two lines and you'll get $720 times two
off of the iPhone. So what is that? $1440 total off of the price of four iPhones. There's actually
some debate on slick deals about the terms on whether you can do the BOGO offer twice or four
times, but at minimum you can do it twice, which means four iPhones. If you can do it four times,
that's eight iPhones. But realistically, you're not going to find a Costco that
has that many iPhones in stock. So four is probably the upper limit to be safe.
And two should at least be fairly doable depending on stock of your local Costco and which iPhone
type you're trying to get. I haven't gotten around to doing the Costco BOGO offer. I might
try after Christmas and see if they have iPhones in stock and if these offers are still going on.
They keep getting extended by a week, so it's not for sure that they're going to keep getting
extended by a week. But so far for the last few months, they've constantly been extended. So
we'll see.
The situation is post-Christmas, but there are a couple things to keep in mind with the BOGO
offer. The offer does not stack with the bring your own device offers. So if you open two lines
with bring your own device, you need to open a third line to get your two iPhones and the $720
gift card. Similarly, if you wanted four iPhones, you would need to open two new lines. And if
you're stacking that on top of bring your own device where you open two lines there,
you'd be walking away with four lines total. Then there is the issue of stock.
So bring your own device is pretty easy, obviously, because you're just bringing your own phone and
opening a new line. If you're trying to do these BOGO offers, you're trying to get the iPhones.
And the issue is if you're trying to maximize profit, the iPhone 13 Pro Maxes, specifically
the Sierra Blue color, are the ones that are actually selling above retail on Swappa. And
they're selling above retail because it's kind of hard to get a Pro Max right now. There's
inventory issues across the board. The iPhone 13 Pros,
so not the Max version, they were selling above retail a couple weeks ago, but now they've dropped
to be about $50 or so below retail. So getting a regular iPhone 13 Pro for resale is not going to
be as lucrative as if you can get your hands on a 13 Pro Max. However, chances of getting the Pro
Max in Sierra Blue, which seems to be the color that sells the most on Swappa, is going to be
challenging. So if you're lucky and you're at a Costco, you're doing the BYOD offer and they
have them, definitely jump on it. But even if they have the iPhone 13 Pros, one thing about Costco,
which I don't think everyone knows, is that Costco sells these iPhones at a 5% or 10% discount off of
retail. That should at least cover the Swappa and PayPal fees, which we'll discuss later on in this
episode. And so you'd at least break even on the phone in that sense, and then make profit from the
fact that Costco is then sending you a $720 gift card. If you can get your hand on an iPhone 13 Pro
which it's going for above retail on Swappa, then you're definitely weighing the money. So if you
see an iPhone Pro Max at Costco, preferably Sierra Blue, definitely jump on that and jump on the BOGO
lines. Keep in mind too that these prices always change because phones tend to depreciate over time
and there is a holiday surge. And so before you jump into a multi-thousand dollar investment on
iPhones, just be sure to check on Swappa and see what the recently sold phone prices are to see if
it's still worth it for you.
But at minimum, after getting the $720 gift card, you definitely shouldn't be losing money. But it
could be the case that you're not really making that much, let's say a hundred bucks, where the
amount of effort required to do all of this probably doesn't justify a hundred or two hundred
dollars to you when you could make that doing a bank churn, for example. All right, so moving on
with the Best Buy trade-in offer, they're essentially giving really good trade-in values
right now for iPhones. For example, an iPhone SE, the second generation one that
sells brand new for $399, Best Buy is giving $350. It used to be $370, it dropped to $360,
currently it's $350. So these values are progressively getting worse, but it is still
far better than what trade-in values usually are and way above what you'd actually get selling an
iPhone SE on Swappa. At most, you'll get $200 to $250 for selling it on Swappa, whereas Best Buy
is just going to give you $350 for turning it in and you don't have to deal with shipping,
Swappa fees, PayPal fees, any of that stuff. Keep in mind too that the trade-in discount happens
instantly at checkout. So you do have to turn your phone in and go into a store, but you order all of
this online for pickup at the store and the discounts apply instantly. So no gift cards or
rebates to mess around with. So if you happen to have an old iPhone that's laying around, now is
the time to just go into Best Buy and just trade it in for an iPhone 13 because instead of having
to sell your old iPhone eventually, you'll get a discount. So if you happen to have an old iPhone
you'll get a brand new iPhone 13 that you can use and then eventually sell on Swappa. So if you're
just looking to get an iPhone to use, it's a great deal. If you're looking to get an iPhone to
resell, it can be a good deal depending on how much you get the trade-in phone for. For example,
during Black Friday, Cyber Monday, Walmart was selling an iPhone 12 mini for $299. Best Buy was
offering $630 as a trade-in for that iPhone 12 mini, although that's now since dropped to
$600. So what I did was I bought the iPhone from Walmart and immediately traded it into Best Buy
because Best Buy doesn't care if the phone is locked, which is great because a lot of these
cheap iPhone offers are cheap because they are locked to a specific carrier. The iPhone 12 was
$299 because it was locked to, I think, SimpleTalk for a year with SimpleTalk expecting you to pay
their monthly fees for the whole year for them to recoup that cost. But if you're just trading it in,
you don't have to worry about any of that and you'll get the full trade-in value from Best Buy.
So in this case, trading in a $300 phone for a $630 credit towards a new iPhone 13.
And it doesn't just have to be an iPhone 12. It can be really any iPhone where you find a deal on.
For example, right now, you can buy an iPhone SE through Boost Mobile for $30 and they want you to
pay one month of service, $60 upfront. So essentially, you're paying $90 for a brand new
iPhone SE with them hoping that you'll stick with their service. So you wouldn't be able to
immediately sell that iPhone SE on Swappa because it's locked to Boost Mobile. However, if you trade
it into Best Buy, you paid $90 and Best Buy is going to give you $350 off of an iPhone 13.
Now, in order to do the offer, you need to pick a Best Buy that has the iPhone model that you want
in stock for pickup. And during that process, you can either create a new T-Mobile account
or you can upgrade an existing line. And so, if you're going to do that, you're going to have to
those lines you opened at Costco come in handy. In our case, we'd opened two lines for the bring
your own device. So I traded in an old iPhone SE that I had from a cricket deal like a year or so
ago. It was in pretty bad shape, so I would have been lucky to even get $200 on Swappa for. Instead,
I traded that in for an iPhone 13 and also did the Walmart $300 deal for the iPhone 12,
which then I traded in for another iPhone 13 Pro. This was actually my second time doing the Best
Buy trade-in offer because a couple months ago, I think I mentioned in one of the recaps,
I had traded in another iPhone SE that my wife had back when the offer was still $370 for that
iPhone SE and got an iPhone 13 mini for her. The issue there was I didn't know about the T-Mobile
$20 talk and text plan. So I opened a brand new T-Mobile account and paid the full, I think, $65
for their most basic essentials data plan. So that definitely eats into your profit quite a bit.
But again,
if you have your $20 talk and text plan open with Costco and you need to leave those plans open for
two, three months while you wait for the rebate anyway, it's a perfect time to then just go in
and do the Best Buy trade-in offers. Now, there is one really important thing to note about the
iPhone 13s that you get from Best Buy. Apple gives them to Best Buy under a flex reseller policy.
And what that means is the phone that Best Buy sells to you is unlocked, but will lock immediately
to the first SIM card that you put in. And the reason
they do this is because Best Buy doesn't want to carry an iPhone for T-Mobile, an iPhone for
AT&T, and an iPhone for Verizon. They just want to carry one kind of iPhone and be able to sell
it to you as an AT&T, T-Mobile, or Verizon phone. And so that phone is unlocked, but the very first
SIM card you put in, it will lock to the carrier of that SIM card. And this trips people up all
the time. There's comments on slick deals. I've gotten Reddit messages about this as well, where
essentially sometimes Best Buy will give you the phone without putting,
the T-Mobile SIM card in. And so you receive the phone totally unopened, brand new,
and you think to do a couple of things. One, maybe I can just sell this phone
unopened because you'll get more money on Swappa if the packaging hasn't been opened.
Or two, you open it, you see that it's in an unlocked state, or it doesn't say it's
carrier locked to anyone. So you're like, maybe I'll just put in my visible SIM card and see
what happens there. I'll put in my Ting or Telo or Mint SIM card and see if it works.
Once you do that, you're going to be able to sell the phone. And so you're going to be able to
do that. What happens is it will lock to Mint, Cricket, Ting, Visible. And now the phone is
locked to that carrier and will follow that carrier's unlock policy. So depending on the
carrier, Verizon will automatically unlock after 60 days. Some crappier, smaller carriers might
keep it locked for a year. So it's really anyone's guess. And the problem is if you, let's say,
put in a Verizon SIM card just to test it out and you don't actively have Verizon service,
Verizon has no way now to unlock your phone because it's
not connected to any Verizon account, even though it's now locked to Verizon.
So all kinds of crazy things can happen under the Flex reseller policy. And I only know
about the Flex reseller policy because when I got my two iPhone 13s, they gave it to us
totally unopened, brand new packaging. And so my first thought is, are these phones actually
locked? Can I just like not even activate it with T-Mobile and just sell them directly on Swappa?
And the answer is no, because whoever's buying it's going to have a poor experience when it
locks to their carrier and they think it's an unlocked phone that you sold them.
In theory, Best Buy is supposed to activate that phone on T-Mobile for you on the spot,
like open the packaging, put in the SIM card, do all of that stuff. But I guess just due to
training, et cetera, this probably happens like 50% of the time. So the other half of the time,
you end up with a new unopened phone and that's where things can go wrong.
Now, there is a trick that's making the rounds on slick deals of how to get,
your phone unlocked immediately. And essentially what it is, is you can buy an AT&T SIM card
off of the Microsoft store for like a dollar or two. And AT&T prepaid, I guess, has a portal
where if you don't have AT&T service, but your phone is still locked to AT&T, you can
enter your like IMEI info and it will just instantly unlock. And so it's kind of like
a backdoor way to just buy an AT&T prepaid SIM card that doesn't have active service on it,
put it in your phone, and it will lock immediately. So it's kind of like a backdoor way to just buy an
into one of these flex reseller phones, have it locked to AT&T immediately, then use their portal
to then immediately request to unlock, which happens apparently within minutes.
I don't know how I feel about this one because it's pretty risky. It's working now, but at any
point AT&T can decide like, oh, we've got thousands of slick dealers using this just to unlock their
phones and disable this. And if you happen to be caught in that period where you put in an AT&T SIM
card, it's locked to AT&T and they've disabled it. Now there's no way to unlock your AT&T phone.
The safer way, in my opinion, is just to put in your T-Mobile SIM card and message T-Force. I know
not everyone has Twitter or wants to do the whole Twitter dance of requesting your unlock that way,
but it's really not that hard. I literally only use Twitter to message companies at this point.
And with T-Force, you just need to give them a reasonable sounding justification for why
you want to unlock early. T-Mobile will unlock automatically after 40 days of service. But if
you just got the phone and you want to immediately put it on Swappa because you're not trying to use
it, well, you want that unlock sooner and you don't necessarily want to keep T-Mobile service
for 40 days, which would require two months worth of payment. So for me, I've requested unlocks twice
now on three different phones through T-Force. They were all successfully granted. The first
time I said my T-Mobile service in my area wasn't good and I wanted to try out AT&T and Verizon SIM
card. They were fine with that, but I've heard that that doesn't always work. The more surefire way
is to say that you're going to be out of the country and you want to use a local SIM card.
And to be extra secure, you should say it's a country that doesn't have T-Mobile service.
So T-Mobile has like a little map checker where you can see what international rates,
et cetera, are covered by T-Mobile. And actually T-Mobile covers you in a lot of different countries,
but there are some niche countries where T-Mobile doesn't have coverage internationally. And so just
use one of those countries. For example, I said I was visiting Nepal, which doesn't have T-Mobile
coverage there. I'm surprised T-Mobile hasn't built a tower on Mount Everest, but they do not.
And so I messaged them to said, hey, I'm going to be on vacation in Nepal and I wanted to be
able to use a local SIM card. Could you unlock these phones? I actually messed up a little bit
there because I was anxious to put these phones on Swappa while the prices were above retail.
And so I messaged them, I think the day after I had gotten these phones from Best Buy and
activated them and they had trouble finding my IMEI number in their unlock system. And so it took
about a day before another agent was finally able to see my phones and be able to unlock it. So I
recommend waiting two, three, maybe four days before you message T-Force so that they can see
these new phones and easily submit that unlock request. I actually messed up in a couple of
different ways when I was doing this Best Buy trade-in offer because when I submitted my trade-in
for the iPhone 12 mini,
it was on a Saturday and the trade-in offer price had reduced to $600. And I was like,
that's fine. It was pretty close to $630. But then when I checked on Sunday, the very next day,
it had moved back to $630. And so, okay, well, I'd obviously rather get $630 for it instead.
So I canceled my order and attempted to submit a new order. The issue that I didn't know at the
time is once you successfully place an order on Best Buy for an upgrade to an
existing one of your T-Mobile lines, that line is essentially blocked or tagged in their system as,
hey, you've requested an upgrade on it. After you cancel an order, that tag or block never
gets removed. So when I was trying to place another order on that same line, I kept getting
the error message that, hey, you already have an existing order for this line, even though I'd
already canceled that order. And I kept checking over the period of almost a week and that error
message never went away. So their system just never updated to account for the order. So I
canceled that order. So ultimately, I had to go in person to a Best Buy to start the order from
beginning to end. And the Best Buy T-Mobile rep had no issues doing it. So it was just an online
issue. But then you can't reserve that iPhone ahead of time. And stock was so low that it was
kind of risky to then have to go to a Best Buy and hope that no one had bought the one iPhone they had
before me. Another mistake I made was not putting in the extra effort to just go out and get the
which was available at a Best Buy that was like 20 miles further. So probably would have taken me an
extra hour to get those. And it was a mistake because at the time when I was buying these
phones, Swappa had iPhone 13 Pro and iPhone 13 Pro Maxes going for above retail. So I thought
not really a big difference either way. But deep down, I knew that the iPhone 13 Pro Max
was the one that was really hard to come by and was going for even more above retail than the
iPhone 13 Pro. And that came back to bite me because
when I eventually sold it about a week or two later, so this was actually only a few days ago,
the iPhone 13 Pro had gone below retail. And so I ended up selling that for about $30 below retail,
which kind of sucks because you have to pay Swappa fees, PayPal fees. And so all of that
combined together ended up reducing my profit by quite a bit. Essentially on two iPhone 13 Pros
that I sold, I ended up making about $310 total instead of the $500, $600 that
I sold. And so I ended up making about $310 total instead of the $500, $600 that I sold.
And honestly, I don't necessarily think that $310 was worth the effort of purchasing an iPhone 12
Mini, trading in an iPhone SE, trading the iPhone Mini in, and then listing everything on Swappa,
and then checking Swappa, and then shipping the Swappa stuff out to this person. And so yeah,
overall, I would probably only do this Best Buy trade-in at this point if I could get my hands
on an iPhone 13 Pro Max. Because as of right now, that's still going for above retail. So if I had
bought those iPhone 13 Pro Maxes, I would probably only do this Best Buy trade-in at this point.
I would have made $500 to $600, but instead it ended up being about $300. But you know,
that's sort of the risk you take with anything resale related is that the prices do fluctuate.
And so as much as possible, you want to try and insulate yourself from those fluctuations by
ideally paying less for the phone in the first place, and then trying to buy the models you
feel have the most potential to retain their value. That's probably a good segue into Swappa.
Because if you got the phones from Costco, and you paid,
five or 10% less, that's already going to help offset the fees, even if you are getting an iPhone
13 Pro that sells for a little bit below retail. But whether you got them from Best Buy, or you
got them from Costco, selling them on Swappa is a generally pretty nice experience compared to
eBay, if nothing else, because the fees are lower. Whereas eBay charges listing fees and like a
percentage of your sale as a fee, Swappa is flat rate and tiered. I think I paid a $25 fee for a
Swappa for selling one of the iPhone 13 Pros because it was under $1,000. And one that was
sold for over $1,000, because it was the 256 gigabyte model, I paid a $35 fee. So way less
than eBay. But you do still have to pay PayPal fees. PayPal charges, I think 3.5% of the total
value of the purchase. So if you sell something for $1,000, they'll charge $35. But if the buyer
has an international PayPal account, it's an additional $35. So if you sell something for
1.5%, so it ends up being 5%. And so that's something new that I learned because my buyer
this time had an international PayPal account. And there's no way of really knowing that unless
you ask them or you see it after you've already finalized the purchase. And I guess that's
something that's actually pretty common on Swappa, where a lot of the buyers are international,
where they're essentially buying these phones so that they can then sell them for a profit
in international markets where iPhones are kind of hard to come by. Oftentimes with these buyers,
they'll leave a comment asking,
if freight forwarding is okay. Because essentially what they do is they'll have you
ship to a freight forwarder who then reships these packages internationally for them.
For the most part, I wouldn't really worry about freight forwarding. I mean, these guys are
reselling phones. And so generally, they actually tend to be pretty reliable. And PayPal will cover
your order as soon as it arrives at the facility that you're shipping to. So you're protected on
that end. And then I also tend to buy insurance as well. When I ship a package,
it's not that expensive. I use PirateShip.com. But PayPal, I think, also has a shipping
integration service. They all go through USPS or UPS anyway. And the insurance for $2,000 worth
of iPhones was only $16 more than I paid for shipping. It was going to be $10 to ship it.
And instead, it cost $26. And it was two-day priority mail shipping. So I was actually pretty
surprised at how cheap that whole thing was. But worth getting insurance just in case when you're
shipping.
Things of such high dollar value. But this is where things get kind of interesting. Because
the person who bought my iPhones, he ended up buying both of them. He messaged me after buying
them being like, hey, if you have trouble with that address, you can type it as 479 Sycamore
Avenue. But the way he had it listed on Swappa and on PayPal was in reverse with a lot of periods
and spaces, a pretty strange format. And you can probably kind of see where I'm going with this.
It was essentially what I was thinking.
Where there's a way to butcher these addresses enough that they don't pass USPS
address validation anymore. But someone who's actually delivering these can look at it and be
like, oh, well, of course, that's going to 489 Sycamore Avenue. And the reason I think his
address was formatted that way is because he's an international reseller. And he's having these
items be shipped to a freight forwarder, which caters to international resellers.
So all these resellers trying to go on,
Dell.com to buy a laptop and have it shipped to that freight forwarder are going to run into the
same issues that I ran into, which is Dell auto canceling everything because they don't want
10,000 laptops being shipped to one address. However, he seems to have figured out how to
butcher his address in a way that can bypass the address check. And through just a sheer
coincidence and confluence of events, I happened to be wondering like a month ago how to go about
doing it. And he bought my iPhones. So,
I'm kind of excited to try this formatting on BFMR just to see what happens. So yeah,
even though I didn't end up making that much money from selling these iPhones, like about $300,
I think it was still ultimately worth it just to see a real high volume iPhone reseller at work
and how he goes about getting past address verifications. And hopefully it can be
generally applied to some of these other online retailers too. But yeah, if you're curious about
how it's formatted, I'll pop it up on the dailychurnpodcast.com. I'll probably put it
behind like a members only section. It's free to sign up and everything, but that way it doesn't
get like indexed on Google or anything just in case this is a reseller trade secret. But if you
try it out, let me know. I'm curious to hear if this kind of a method works for doing deals on
BFMR. Lastly, we have Visible, their $200 MasterCard offer along with a free pair of
AirPods Pro for buying an iPhone 13. So that offer has been around for a little while now.
It was for, they had it before Black Friday, during Black Friday. Now I guess it's just
part of their Christmas sale. This is a nice one because if all the other previous offers I
mentioned earlier sounded like it was way too much effort and work and you just wanted an iPhone
for a discounted price, this is definitely the easy mode way of doing it because you're probably
not going to make much money reselling it. However, for personal use, that's a pretty good
discount.
$200 plus a $250 pair of AirPods Pro. And then on top of that, you are paying $25 a month or
$15 a month if you have the Amex Business Platinum for Visible service. So all in all,
I think in terms of just getting an iPhone and then being on an unlimited plan, Visible is by
far the easiest, I think best option there is out there. And you avoid having to do all this Costco
T-Mobile stuff. The thing with Visible though, in order to qualify for that $200 MasterCard,
you do need to port in a phone number. And that number has to be from a carrier that's on their
list of approved carriers for their promotional offers. And they don't put all carriers on there,
especially some of the really discounted small MVNO carriers. Those aren't on the list like
Telo and Freedom Pop. And so the way to get around that though is to port your number into one of the
carriers that are eligible or just get a new number with one of those carriers. So the trick
here is to do that as cheaply as possible. And that's the way to get around that though.
And so I'd mentioned in a previous episode, there is Ting SIM cards, T-I-N-G, that are being sold at
Target and Best Buy for $1. And that will get you service for a month or two because it comes with
like a $30 credit that you can use. And Ting is an eligible carrier, but you do have to go in store
to get those. And oftentimes they're not in stock. Like when I went, there was not a Best Buy,
there was only two at Target. So an offer that just popped up is Boost Mobile on Slick Deals
is offering $1.
Boost Mobile SIM cards, which will get you a month of Boost Mobile service for $1 or like $2
after taxes and fees. And that's great because Boost Mobile is one of the eligible port-in
carriers for Visible promotions. So what I just did earlier today was buy a couple of those SIM
cards for about $4 because those SIM cards are just great generally to keep around. You have
until 2024 to use them. And oftentimes you'll see offers not just with Visible, but with like
Cricut or Mint where the offer is $1. And that's great because Boost Mobile is one of the eligible
carriers for Visible promotions. So if you're looking to get a Google Voice number for free,
oftentimes Google Voice numbers are not eligible for some of these port-in promotions. And so being
able to activate the phone number from a real carrier like Boost Mobile, it's just a nice thing
to have in your sock drawer when one of these promotions come around. In my case, I currently
have a cell phone on Telo and I was thinking I would switch over to Mint because Mint also has
a pretty good offer right now for six months of service for $45.
So if you want to get four gigabytes of data, so it ends up being $7.50 a month for four gigs of
data, which is really good. However, I was thinking about moving to Visible just because of the Amex
Platinum credits. But of course, Telo is excluded from all of the port-in promotions like Visible
has a $50 bring your own device promo. Telo would not get that. So my plan is just to port my Telo
number over into Boost for a month and then move from Boost into Visible and then
apply for the BYOD promotion on Visible. Alternatively, if you just want a place
that you're able to park your number for a month while you're switching between
other deals with other MVNOs, again, nice to just have that dollar SIM card around.
So a lot of different ways you can play it, but generally just a useful cell phone churning tool
to having a toolbox. All right, I'm going to cut myself off here with the cell phone talk because
I'm realizing that I can probably just talk about cell phones and cell phone deals indefinitely for
so I'll stop it here. Hopefully if you're doing these deals, you'll find some of this stuff
useful. Hopefully some of these deals are still around. I know the Best Buy one still is as well
as the Costco ones when I recorded this, but they tend to keep getting extended week by week,
but we are also approaching the end of the year. So definitely check Slick Deals. I'll post links
to everything on the dailychurnpodcast.com. As always, if you want to support the podcast,
I have my referral links up there. If you decide to go sign up with Visible, you can get the first
month for $5.
And I'll also get a month for $5, so that's nice. Otherwise, I will see you guys in a couple weeks
after the new year. I think for the December recap, I'm probably going to do a full 2021 recap
instead. So that should be interesting just to see how everything's tallied up. But yeah,
Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays, and Happy New Year. See you guys.
