Hey guys, welcome to episode 18 of The Daily Churn. Today is going to be a mix mash of things,
so there'll be a December recap where I'll run through the things I churned in December and it
was a bit of a slow month with the holidays and actually most of my time was spent doing
cell phone churns which I covered in the previous episode so I'll give a full rundown of exactly how
much money I made doing that along with some of the other smaller random churns that posted last
month. Then I thought it might be interesting to do a full end of year recap of all the months
since the podcast began which I think was in July so about six months worth and how much money was
made churning throughout that whole time, how many points were accrued, how many different types of
accounts were opened, it's quite a few. Then I thought I'd end it with something a little bit
different since it is the last episode of the year which is a recap of the podcast itself like how
the show is doing you know how
many people are listening, how many folks are subscribed and then a couple updates for season
two next year. Not sure how many people are interested in that kind of stuff though but it
is at the end so definitely feel free to skip that part but for now let's dive into December churns.
Alright so starting with cell phones. So essentially there were a whole bunch of
deals running for the last couple months in November, December and even before then but
I sort of jumped in around the November-ish time frame but in a nutshell there were a
ton of really good deals through Best Buy and Costco for getting really big discounts on iPhone
13s. I'm not sure how many of those are still running I haven't checked recently but if you
are curious about how the deal works exactly definitely check out the previous episode I
think it was episode 17 on churning iPhones or if you're just looking for cheap cell phone plans
you can churn sim cards and that's covered in episode 13 but basically what I did was I bought
two iPhone 13 pros.
Which retail would have cost $2,100 probably more like $2,200 after you factor in sales tax
but I ended up only paying $1,549 and the way that ended up playing out was that I got one
iPhone 13 for $693 after I traded in an iPhone SE to Best Buy and Best Buy was giving $360-ish I
think as a bonus trade-in value which is really high for an iPhone SE. Then I also bought an
iPhone 13 pro for $542 by trading in an iPhone 12 mini which I bought at Walmart for $314 so that
adds up to about $850 for how much I paid for the iPhone 13 pro instead of $1,100. Now the way to
make money off of this is then to sell them on Swappa for a profit and the reason you can make
a profit is because on Swappa iPhone 13s due to I guess a shortage or just really high demand they're
selling for above retail or in my case unfortunately below retail so iPhone 13 pros when I first
acquired those phones were selling for at retail which then since dropped to below retail by the
time I sold them versus the iPhone 13 pro max is still I believe selling for above retail so if you
can get your hands on those those are the preferred ones but I got the iPhone 13 pros the regular kind
because that was the only one that was conveniently in stock near me and I ended up selling one of them
for $599.
For $1,070 the 256 gigabyte model which retails for $1,100 so I actually sold it for $30 below retail
then the other one I sold for $970 again $30 below retail because it was an iPhone 13 pro 128 gigabyte
which retailed for $1,000 so I ended up selling both of those phones for a total of $2,040
versus ideally I was hoping for $2,100 or above.
Which would have been the retail price or slightly above retail so in theory still come out in that
scenario still quite a bit ahead you know getting $2,040 for something you only paid $1,554 that ends
up being like $500 worth of profit unfortunately with all the fees that really does cut into things
so Swappa charged $25 for one of the listings because it was below a thousand and $35 for
another listing because it's above a thousand and those fees are still way cheaper than the
listing fees which I believe uses a percentage based model but again that ends up being $60 to
Swappa then PayPal charged $103 on the $2,000 purchase and part of that was because my buyer
was international and when a PayPal buyer is international you get charged 5% in PayPal fees
instead of 3.5% I think it means I made about $30 less than I would have because he's an
international buyer so that is something that I would have charged $30 less than I would have
charged $30 less than I would have charged $30 less than I would probably recommend asking the
buyer ahead of time in the future and something that I would probably do going forward then there
was $26 of shipping which included $2,000 worth of shipping insurance so you could probably forego
that insurance if you wanted to and only pay I think around like $10 or $11 for the shipping
but with such a high dollar value and with all the shipping craziness happening now due to COVID
and shipping delays and the holidays I thought it'd just be best to pay the extra $15 for the
just to be safe so all of that added up together ended up being $189 worth of fees and once you
take the fees off of the selling price and you factor in the $15.50 that I paid for the phones
in the first place the net total that I made from the sales was $302 honestly given how much work
that involved I would say probably barely worth it for the $302 however it was one of those things
where I was going to Costco
anyway for shopping and with Costco part of the deal was that I'm getting two $300 Costco
shopping cards as part of opening these lines with T-Mobile so while the phones themselves
only made $302 from reselling I am going to get $600 worth of Costco shopping credit in the next
couple of months which definitely makes the whole thing worth it and on the topic of cell phones I
also bought a couple Boost Mobile $1 SIM cards because those are useful to keep around for
future like bring your own device kind of deals where they offer you money to port in a number
so just having like a set of burner numbers ready for those is is always nice and one thing I found
was that I paid for them using an Amex Business Platinum and Amex Business Platinum reimburses
I believe $10 a month for wireless and a lot of these cards usually only treat the main carriers
like T-Mobile, Verizon, etc. as eligible wireless carriers but in this case even the
Boost Mobile transactions were reimbursed so my feeling is at least with the Amex Business Platinum
pretty much all MVNOs as well as the main carriers are reimbursable which is nice like if you buy
something on Cricut or Mint I haven't tested that out myself but my feeling is that Cricut Mint would
also trigger the wireless credit so yeah that's unique and a bit of a nice surprise but anyhow
in terms of like actual money made or saved in December on cell phones it was the $302
for selling the iPhone 13s and then I actually got six visible referrals that came through in
December I guess the previous episode on churning iPhones was actually quite popular or I guess more
popular than my normal episodes and I'll touch on that a little bit at the end when I talk about
just how the podcast is doing but yeah that was nice there was nerdy928 on Reddit and I guess five
other anonymous listeners so I appreciate it guys I'm not sure exactly how to count it I was thinking
I would have paid $25 a month for visible minus the ten dollars from using an Amex Business Platinum
so I would have paid 15. now the way the referral works is that each person referring and referred
gets a month for five dollars so instead of me paying fifteen dollars I would pay five but then
the Amex Business Platinum covers that five so I end up paying zero so I'm just gonna count each
one as fifteen dollars because that's really how much money I'm saving so six times fifteen ninety
zero two from selling the iPhone plus the ninety dollars of visible referrals ends up being three
hundred and ninety two dollars for cell phones in December all right so moving on to banks spoiler
with banks is that I only made five dollars with banks but um I figured I'd talk about them anyway
because there's a few updates I wanted to mention first off just being maybe a mini rant with my
wife's Chase business checking account which we opened months ago for the 750 bonus for depositing
okay so that all posted fine I think last month or the month before but we've now had to go into
the branch three separate times to have them verify our identity so we went in I believe a month and a
half or two months ago to have them re-upload a driver's license which was uploaded at the time
of application but for some reason they wanted it again and got a letter saying that they're
going to freeze the account and eventually close it if you don't go in to upload it
so we went into the branch spent you know a good hour chit-chatting with the banker because their
bankers are just literally so bored that it took her like a good hour to upload our driver's license
while making small talk so you know sat through all of that that was fine thought it was all over
and in December just a couple weeks ago we had a credit card payment that was due because we
opened our Southwest performance and Premier cards to get the companion pass on my wife's
business account and those were all set with autopay and we check her account and we see that
she's been charged a late payment fee as well as a payment returned fee and finance charges
which ended up totaling about a hundred or so dollars because her payment was returned and
the payment was coming from her business checking account so we call in and discover that her
business checking account has been frozen again without any kind of notification it seems that the
banker when they uploaded her driver's license didn't upload it properly again and so they
wanted us to go back to the branch and upload our driver's license as well as a social security card
into Chase's iVault system for a third time and so you know aside from it just being totally
inconvenient to go in three times our credit card is also now late luckily they give you a grace
period of 30 days before they report to the agencies as late but if we hadn't checked
we wouldn't necessarily known that the credit card payment was declined and it was a good thing
we checked because we had a second payment going to the other Southwest card that we had there was
also an autopay from the same account but the business account is frozen and while it's frozen
you can't access it you know we've got twelve thousand dollars literally just frozen in that
account right now that we can't access yeah the whole thing has been definitely quite a fiasco
to the point where I'm almost questioning if it's worth seven hundred and fifty dollars for the bonus
I still think it is because it is a really big bonus but hopefully this third time is the last
time we need to go in because this time we scheduled a banker appointment at a totally
different Chase because the previous two times we had gotten the same banker and you know I I don't
know if it was her fault or if Chase just keeps upping the requirements for account verification
And went to a different banker and this banker was super competent like she whizzed through
process in 10 minutes flat. And she was saying that apparently it's a new thing now with Chase
business accounts that they are requiring for many accounts during the review, a social security
card to be uploaded. Before it was just a driver's license. So the social security card
apparently is a new thing that they're asking for. And yeah, I don't know. It's been a process
with Chase and I'm hoping that they will unfreeze our account in the next few days and this won't
happen again and things will be smooth sailing from here. But just something to keep in mind if
you're looking to do Chase business checking accounts is that they do seem to be clamping
down on whether or not you have a real business, what type of business it is, and then also
verifying your identity through social security cards. Then the sad news for everyone last month
was that HM Bradley is making changes to their account. I think we all kind of knew that 3%
on 100k.
4% on 100k.
4% on 100k.
Pretty easy to work around requirements was probably not going to last, but still kind of
bummed that they've changed it now to require having their credit card to be eligible for the
3% and also upping the direct deposit requirement to $2,500 a month. So I don't know. I think it's
still worth it to us, for my wife and I, to keep one of our accounts open and just consolidate
everything into that one single account. Because ultimately it's pretty hard to find anywhere where
you can get through that.
3% for parking cash. Because that translates into $250 a month worth of interest or $3,000 a year worth
of interest if you have $100,000 in there. I think the real downside is having to use up one of your
524 slots for the HM Bradley credit card. Since I am in P1P2 mode with my wife, using up one slot is
like not the biggest deal. We would have preferred not to, but for $3,000 worth of interest a year,
I think that's worth it. If you're just, you know, doing this as a single player,
yeah, it's kind of a hard choice whether or not you want to burn a slot for this. If you have $100,000
sitting and you need it to be in cash, I think it is probably still worth it. And since we're doing
the lean fire thing, we do need to have a good cash reserve. So for us, it makes sense. Not sure
it does for everyone though. So yeah, not ideal. And then in terms of the $2,500, for me, again,
that doesn't really make too much of a difference versus it being just a $5 direct deposit because
I use Square.
And I did an episode back on episode two, I think was about Square and Gusto. Episode one actually
was about HM Bradley. So you can always catch up on those, but I think the methods are still
applicable. So for me, instead of paying myself $20 a month using Square, I'm going to pay myself
$2,500 a month using Square. And that just pays into the same bank account that Square deducts
from. So it really has very little impact in that sense. The main downside though, is that HM Bradley
wants you to save 20% of what you put in. So by transferring $2,500, they want me to keep,
what is that? $500 of that in HM Bradley each month. So each month, my balance is going to go up
by $500. And if you already have $100,000 in there, the additional money doesn't earn interest.
That's a little bit annoying, but the method from episode one still works where at the end of each
quarter, you withdraw everything you put in up until that $500. So that's a little bit annoying,
20% mark and just redeposit it back at the beginning of the next quarter. So it's a little
convoluted, but if you are curious, check out the episode from episode one on how to go about doing
that. I don't want to get too in the weeds with it here, but yeah, overall, not so bad. And then
there's $100 spend requirement each month on the card. I think I'm probably just going to reload
Amazon with $100 each month. I mean, we definitely spend more than $100 every month on Amazon and
they give, I think 3% back on the top category each month.
So your $100 ends up really costing you $97. And given that I'm only going to use that HM Bradley
card to reload Amazon, Amazon is going to be my top category each month. So net effect of that
part is probably zero. So overall, I think it just about weighs out that it's worth it for us
to have that HM Bradley credit card and get 3%. But yeah, it's a close call. And in the meantime,
the other thing we're doing is moving more money into iBonds. So iBonds right now has
that 7.12% variable interest rate, which is more than double what HM Bradley is offering.
The downside with iBonds is that you can only buy $10,000 per calendar year per person. However,
your business also qualifies. So for us, it's $10,000 for me, $10,000 for my wife,
then $10,000 for my wife's business, which means $30,000 this year. And starting 2022,
we can put in another $30,000 into iBonds and just sort of slowly move money out of HM
Bradley.
I think overall, the interest rate landscape is just going to keep improving. The Fed has
already announced rate increases into 2022. And so I do think that we're going to see
accounts with better interest rate over time. So the whole HM Bradley devaluation thing is not a
huge deal given that I think in the next year or two, we're going to see other accounts that offer
3%. And in the meantime, you can either open a HM Bradley credit card or start moving more things
into iBonds.
So there's definitely options, I think, in the short, mid and long term. So yeah,
sad, but not the worst news. Finally, a tiny ray of light in the bank churns for December
is that Lilly credited me the $5 for the account fee that they charged. So I think I mentioned on
a previous recap, but basically Lilly had ignored my request to downgrade the pro account to free.
And so kept charging the $5 and I'd been emailing with them back and forth to get my account,
downgraded and get the fee refunded. And they just, well, not they, just the one guy that kept
replying back to all my support tickets to sort of ignore the part where they just overcharged the
fee. So randomly about a month after the last correspondence, a totally new Lilly person
emails me and apologizes and credits me the $5. So I don't know what happened there. Maybe like
the guy that was ignoring everyone's downgrade requests got fired or got a warning and they
reviewed.
All of his previous tickets and, and was like, oh yeah, okay. This, uh, we should probably fix
this. So they fixed it for me. Didn't fix it for my wife's account, but in any case,
not complaining, but yeah, that was the entirety of my December bank churns was that $5 from Lilly.
Next up is credit cards. Again, didn't do too much on the credit card front. Main things were
that my two Southwest cards are now both about a hundred dollars away from hitting spend. One's
$5k, one's $3k.
And so I will be this week finishing up the spend there and hopefully getting my 140k worth of
Southwest points, which should immediately qualify us for the companion pass for the next two years.
Just a bit of a tip too, for people who have the Southwest performance card, we were just traveling
over the holidays. And one thing the performance card gives you is upgraded boarding on the day
of check-in. So when you go to the gate, you can ask for upgraded boarding at Southwest.
And all that does is it moves you into the A1 through 15 group. So you end up boarding earlier,
so you can get better seats. I mean, they're all sort of the same, but there are a couple of seats
on the plane that we always try to get, which are the two by the exit row that is just two people.
So there's no third seat. That's nice if you don't want to sit next to anyone, or if you have to
pee a lot during the flights, those are the ones we usually go for. But usually if you're past
A30, A45-ish,
you're probably not going to get them because some other person who is a couple will grab those
first. Anyways, you can do the upgraded boarding and it's usually like $40 to $50, but they'll
reimburse it. The tip here though, is that you only get four of those upgraded boardings per year
that get reimbursed for free on the performance card. So instead of actually buying two upgraded
boardings, because you're traveling with, let's say yourself and your P2, you just buy one of
the upgraded boardings. Because with Southwest, once you board,
it's common practice to just save the seat next to you for your family. So instead of both of you
paying $80 to then go and save those two seats, only one of you needs to be in A1-15 group.
And so that means instead of you only getting two flights worth of free upgraded boardings,
now you can get four flights worth. And we were flying to Hawaii and that's a pretty long flight.
So we definitely recommend saving those upgrades for those longer flights. I also opened the
Hyatt business card for 75,000 points. It's an okay card. I mean, you would really just open it
for the bonus. I had the previous personal Hyatt card. Now I'm just getting the Hyatt business one.
And the main reason to do it is if you've already opened Chase Inc. Cash and Chase Inc. Unlimited
and Chase Inc. Preferred and gone through that whole cycle for yourself and your P2 and however
many businesses you might have, which we have done, then the next logical one, at least for us,
is the Hyatt business card because...
For us, Hyatt points are as good as Chase points. Most of my Chase points go into Hyatt point
conversions that we use for Hyatt hotels because I'm a globalist there and I do really love the
whole Hyatt program and how good they are for their top tier members. But essentially it's 75,000
points for spending $7,500. So exactly the same as the Inc. Cash and Unlimited in terms of the
bonus. It's just that you're getting Hyatt points instead of Chase points. The downside though is
that you have to pay a fee. I think it's like $195. You'll get $100 of that back in Hyatt credit,
which for us, again, is as good as cash given that we do stay at Hyatt. So then you end up paying the
$95, but the Hyatt personal card was also $95. So what I ended up doing was I just canceled the
Hyatt personal card and now we just have the Hyatt business card. One alternative though is I have
heard that you can open multiple Chase Inc. cards for the same business and get that...
bonus multiple times. So if you have a business and you open two or three or four Chase Inc. cash
cards, you'll get the bonus each time because there's no restriction like there is on the
Sapphire cards. But I think there are also light rumors of potential shutdowns by doing that where
Chase doesn't like you having multiple of those cards tied to the same SSN or EIN. So I don't
know what the threshold is, but for us...
Just to be safe, since we do have a lot of ultimate reward points banked at Chase,
we're pretty protective of our Chase accounts. And so getting the Hyatt card was just the
easier, safer option. Finally, for credit cards, the thing that did actually make us a little bit
of money was just cash back on our Amex card for spending $200 at Marriott. They gave us $50 back.
And that was nice because we were at the Westin in Kona, Hawaii for Christmas. And I booked that on
a free...
7-night stay using one of the really, really old Marriott travel packages that were supposed to
expire at the end of 2021, which is why I booked it, but has once again been extended, I believe
now into mid-2022. So for those that know, this travel package thing happened when SPG merged with
Marriott, which is like ancient news. I mean, that must have happened four or five years ago.
And these travel packages, people gambled on them, hoping that with the merger,
you'd get something like that.
It turned out it wasn't the case. You got pretty much the equivalent. And I've had this travel
certificate and it's been set to expire pretty much every six months for the last four or five
years. And so I finally was able to use it. And I just wanted to honestly be rid of it at this
point because I think everyone who has one of these feels this way, which is just like,
it's a lot of effort to keep track of whether or not they're going to extend. And usually,
they only give you like a month or two before the expiration date, before they'll tell you.
If they're extending it. So sort of just kind of like background stress from having this travel
certificate. And on Flyer Talk, I think that thread is now just hundreds of pages long.
They've broken it up into multiple years. Like the thread spans just half a decade and has
hundreds of pages of comments on each year's version of the thread. It's pretty insane.
Anyhow, I finally was able to use it at the Western and Kona. And if you don't know, the Western Kona is
the resort to the Mona Kea Kona. So they're next door owned by the same owners, I think. And you
can actually walk from one resort right next to the other one. And they're both on arguably the
best beach in Kona. So really great hotel. But just staying there reminds me of why I hate Marriott
so much. I'm not sure if this was always the case with the Western, but as of now and has been for
the last year or so, they have a special crappier free breakfast.
Just for Platinum members. So instead of Platinum members getting access to the normal breakfast,
they have a continental only. So no hot food breakfast that is only for their elite Platinum
guests, which is, you know, just kind of a great representation of how Marriott treats their elite
members. So really, I guess no surprise there. Then parking used to be included with their resort
fee. They've since broken that out now. So they've raised the resort fee. I think,
the resort fee is now $37, but you pay taxes on the resort fee. So it ends up being around $42 a
day for the resort fee. And you get literally nothing. I think you get two bottles of water,
a beach bag that you can use that's worth maybe a dollar. It's absolutely nuts. But at least before
when parking was included, you could maybe sort of justify it. But parking has now also been broken
out and it's a separate charge. So parking is a $40 a day fee.
On top of the resort fee. So even though we were there for free using our certificate,
you're looking at almost $100 a day just in the resort fee and parking. Luckily, we did find a
workaround for their parking, which, yeah, if you're interested, feel free to ping me on Reddit
or Telegram, et cetera, and I'll share it there. Then they also do a thing where they'll reduce
the resort fee by a whole $5 a day if you're a Platinum guest. But you have to ask. And the front
desk at first pretends like, oh, I don't know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't
know. They don't know what you're asking about. But if you say the right words, which happened to
be, I'd like a $5 credit for the premium Wi-Fi because Platinum members get it for free. If you
say those words in the right combination, they'll give you $5 off the resort fee. So better than
nothing, if you're staying there for seven days, that's kind of like a whole day's worth of resort
fees that you save. That plus the $50 back on $200 at Marriott meant that we only ended up
spending $150 total.
For that trip for seven nights, which is pretty good considering the cash rate was going for $1,200
a room. So if you were to book a room, about $10,000 for that week, and they were completely
sold out. The other issue too with traveling in general right now is that rental cars are really,
really expensive. The good news there is that I can confirm that a few of the national codes
that I posted a few months back on the national rental episode are still working. So instead of
paying over $1,000, I can confirm that a few of the national rental codes that I posted
on the national rental episode are still working. So instead of paying over $100 for our one week
rental, we paid just under $300. So yeah, pretty good given the whole rental car crunch. But overall
for credit cards, it was just that $50 back through the Amex offer. Honestly, these Amex offers are
kind of getting ridiculous. I think my friend said it best when we were chatting about it
in Kona, actually, we happened to both be there at the same time. But he's like, yeah, Amex is
basically like the modern day coupon cutting now, where you have to just scour through,
hundreds of offers every week just to see what offers are out there and applicable to you and
add them to your card and remember that you've got like these 14 offers now on your cards and
you've got multiple cards right so you're just tracking all of this stuff and yeah it's getting
pretty ridiculous and that coupled with just constantly having to find crap to buy on dell
it's yeah i digress but um getting back on topic lastly we have brokerages nothing really happening
brokerages other than a couple people used my nadex referral so i got 200 that way so thanks
to worldwide webster on reddit and julian who emailed me really appreciate you guys using it
but overall that's it for brokerages so 200 there then if we tally everything up got the 50 for
credit cards 200 for brokerages five dollars from banks 392 from cell phones for let's see
grand total of 647 for december definitely a bit of a slower month compared to previous months but
sort of expected i guess given that i was on vacation and then just generally
feeling a little lazy over christmas and new year so yeah not bad 647 so tallying everything up
though for 2021 so starting in june 29th was when the first episode came out so my first recap was
i think episode 5 for recap of july so
from july all the way through december so six months worth of uh of churns we've got let's see
july 3430 that was a really big month i think because of uh interactive brokers plus 125 000
ultimate reward points then august was 1027 september 1392 october 1980 plus 150 000 of
amex points november was 2021
and then december was the 647 so end total is 10 497 dollars over the six months
plus 150 000 amex points plus 125 000 chase points and then to break it down some more
over those six months i opened seven credit cards some of those bonuses are still pending like those
two southwest premier cards opened 26 bank accounts for a total of around forty five hundred
worth of bank bonuses 16 brokerages for almost four thousand dollars and then the remainder
is sort of divided between like cell phones churning cell phones got about a thousand dollars
there's some cashback portals like rakuten and be frugal swag bucks some random credit card offers
twenty dollars from a buying group yeah yeah that's a lot of accounts i think total on my
spreadsheet i'm seeing 76 different churns that make up that uh ten thousand dollars yeah that's
that's pretty good i mean my target was roughly about a thousand a month and so hitting over
ten thousand for just six months definitely very happy with that i think depending where you are on
the churning spectrum of how much you churn that's either going to sound like a lot or nothing at all
i think for the real heavy hitting msers but for i think the roughly 10 15 hours a week i spend
on churning not too bad because i think i do miss out on a lot of the opportunities where
you can
scale really heavily and you know make six figures on this but for the fairly minimal
amount of effort that i just do as a side hobby for fun it's it's really not too bad i'm pretty
happy with it overall all right so finally i thought i'd end it with a recap of the podcast
itself so kind of meta it's not anything specific about actual churning so you know if you don't
have any interest in in that kind of thing definitely feel free to skip this but i
can't wait to see you in the next one bye bye
from a background of like startups and working in consulting and you know things like data and
metrics and and just business stuff is is pretty interesting to me so maybe some of you guys if
you're thinking about doing a podcast in the future for yourself or if you're just curious
about this kind of thing hopefully this scratches that itch a little bit and on my end you know i
i'm pretty open with just generally how much i make churning and how much i get from referrals
and stuff and i think being pretty transparent is something i value and i'm really excited about
listening to other podcasts or other shows and so yeah let's see what's probably most interesting
i think starting with let's say like viewership or listenership so this show started june 29th
there's a little pilot episode so it's been almost exactly six months so as of now and i'm
looking at my little stats dashboard i use red circle a pretty good platform it's free so if
you're thinking about doing a podcast recommend checking those guys out right now it's 861
downloads on average per episode and the trend seems to be going up the latest episode on
churning iphones is at 979 downloads so almost hit a thousand plays on the iphones episode and
i think it may be because i heard that um miles earn and burn.com m-e-a-b mentioned my podcast
i hadn't heard of that website until someone pinged me about it their end of year gif recap
was was pretty
hilarious but yeah if you're listening thanks for uh mentioning the iphones episode and someone on
doc also around the same time happened to mention me in the comments of the hm bradley post with
those negative changes and so i think some people found my podcast that way but yeah it's all kind
of sort of random as to how people find it i think the majority of listeners come in through reddit
because i do post every couple weeks there then in terms of like followers only spotify will tell
you how many people are actually subscribed so apple podcasts they don't show you those numbers
but on spotify there's 180 of you churners following me which is pretty cool and the
interesting thing is spotify only makes up 10 of the total plays and apple actually makes up like
30 so essentially three times as many people listen on apple podcasts as they do on spotify
so i'd imagine if there's 180 on spotify there's maybe
close to like 500 or so total once you account for apple as well and other folks just tuning in
through their browser and other smaller apps so yeah it's like uh what 71 are coming from mobile
the rest are coming on desktop if you're curious i use ghost it's free it's a nicer in my opinion
nicer more modern alternative to wordpress so if you ever want to launch your own blog would
recommend checking out ghost and you can either pay ghost to do all the hosting and setup for you
or you can subscribe to my podcast and i'll see you in the next video
set it up yourself on services like digital ocean which is what i do and so it ends up only costing
like five ten dollars a month to host the blog and the nice feature is whenever i make one of
these new episode posts it will send out the post in the form of an email newsletter to folks that
are subscribed so i've got 114 people right now subscribe to that newsletter and so if you haven't
subscribed yet shameless plug you can subscribe for free you get the full episode along with the
links in your inbox literally the minute it's published and it's free to sign up and i don't
send any spam or any other emails beside that newsletter but yeah those are the podcast stats
and same with the churning tally depending on how you look at it it's either going to sound like a
lot or a whole lot of nothing you know i don't think this show is getting a spotify contract
anytime soon the way i sort of look at it is if this was an in-person event not a podcast i'd be
amazed if 25 or 50 people showed up to listen to me talk about any topic and so i hope this doesn't
come across as like a like a humble brag or anything but i am just genuinely amazed and
mildly amused slash confused that a thousand people would listen to this show week after week
because like could you imagine posting an event in your town being like hey i'm gonna talk about
churning uh over at the library next week and then a thousand people show up to listen to you talk
like how crazy would that be right but we live in the age of the internet now and that's totally
possible just completely online through a podcast and so yeah for me these numbers are pretty huge
i had pretty low expectations and aspirations going into this it was just kind of a hey you
know maybe um someone other than my wife would want to listen to me talk about churning for uh
for like an hour a week so i'm just gonna do that and i'll see you next week
yeah i was already pretty happy when like 10 people downloaded it so now that it's a thousand
i'm still pretty happy and so yeah this isn't gonna turn into uh joe rogan anytime soon and
i think that's a good thing and i really have no desire for it to be that large and originally i
called it the daily churn because i was thinking of doing this show daily which i think i mentioned
this in a previous episode but just how silly of a idea that was because of how much work
one of these episodes takes
and so i ended up being weekly and i've since scaled it back to every two weeks and part of
the reason for that is it takes about 8 to 12 hours to get one of these episodes out and i
don't know if that's just because i'm doing it wrong or if it takes this long for everyone else
or if everyone else has like a team of people who do all of these like minute tasks for them
but for me this is my first podcast and you know 8 to 12 hours is sort of
how long it's on average been taking i've been trying to reduce the time but it hasn't really
gone down much so the way it sort of breaks out is it takes about two maybe three hours to plan
an episode then two three hours to record it two to three hours to edit it and then a couple hours
to get it posted on the site and then you know make a comment about it on reddit i think the
general advice people give when you're starting anything really not just a podcast is to spend
about 50 on the actual content and 50% on the actual content and then you know you're going to
on marketing and uh i have not followed that at all i think i've barely spent really any time on
marketing just because i i don't really enjoy it and for me it is just a hobby like i'm not trying
to make a living off of this and so i have the luxury of not really having to hustle for listeners
you know like i'll post on reddit in the daily thread when i make one of these posts but that's
really about it once in a while i'll post something on leanfire or the award travel subreddit with
being relevant and hopefully helpful to people but other than that that's pretty much the extent
of the marketing so yeah it's uh been a fun six months definitely learned a lot and uh really
thankful for everyone listening and supporting the show because it really wouldn't be possible
without you guys i mean literally otherwise it would just be me in a room talking to myself which
would be kind of weird so honestly i've enjoyed interacting with the pretty tight-knit community
on churning you know everyone's been
very very friendly and helpful i mean with the exception being if you post a question in the
daily discussion thread but you know outside of doing something as egregious as that the community
has been awesome and i'm really grateful for the folks that i've met and for the folks that are
tuning in and also for the folks that are helping support the podcast by using one of my referral
links you know i really i'm always like a little bit surprised and also excited when someone uses
one of those links and i get a notification and i'm like oh my god i'm so excited to be able to
and i i show my wife and and you know she makes fun of me because she thinks this whole
podcast hobby is is kind of cute so thanks everyone really appreciate you guys all right
guys that's it for season one i figured i'd do seasons where each year is basically a season so
season one being 2021 and then i'm probably going to take a bit of a break before starting season
two for 2022 i'll be back at the beginning of february for the january recap and i think going
way i'll do it is probably have a monthly recap and then bonus episodes for specific topics as
they come up for example i'm going to be booking a and a first class i think it's one of the best
uses of amex points out there so i'll definitely walk you guys through that because it's a bit of
a process to make sure you get first class especially if you're trying to do it for two
people and it's one of those flights where i've had to cancel the last few times because japan
hasn't reopened due to covid and in fact it's been a while since i've had a chance to cancel
i think actually the the last time i flew in af was coming back from japan after spending four
days in jail back uh back in 2020 right when the pandemic was starting um if you're curious about
that story check out the hyatt globalist episode where i kind of talk about how i ended up in jail
in japan but that's it for the updates and the recap i know this episode kind of went a bit
longer than the previous ones but hopefully some of you guys found it interesting thanks for tuning
in i will catch you guys for season two happy new year guys
see ya
