Hey guys, welcome to episode 22 of The Daily Churn. Today's episode is going to be a recap
of all the things I churned in March. And March turned out to be a pretty good month.
There were some bank bonuses that posted from my efforts back in February. I also went deeper on
treasury bonds and researching crypto and stablecoins because of the HM Bradley changes
that I'll cover in this episode as well. Plus a couple updates on some brokerage opportunities
that are a nice quick easy way of meeting spend and I covered one of those in the February recap.
Also a pretty massive credit card bonus posted as well so that was super nice. Then we've got some
cell phone churns that came through, some mail kits as well, a bit of miscellaneous stuff on
Rakuten and through Cigna. Yeah, all kinds of things last month. So stay tuned and we'll cover
all of those. Starting with banks, we had PSECU,
Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union, I believe. That bonus finally posted for my P2.
And if you recall, one of my complaints about that bank was it just took forever to get approved. And
the same thing happened with me as my P2 where it took about two weeks for them to even review the
application and request an additional piece of documentation. And then another two weeks for
them to review that documentation. But once past the approval process, everything was really smooth.
The $200 that I sent from Capital One,
was enough to trigger their $250 bonus. Plus I got a $50 bonus for referring my P2. So it ended up
being $300 total for my P2 that I got in March because I already received my bonus back in
February. And again, the nice part with this one is the bonus is posted really quickly, like within
a day or two of that Capital One deposit hitting my account, the bonus showed up. The time consuming
part though is just getting through that approval process. There was also Current Bank,
the app bank that I got bonuses on for both myself and my P2. And it was a $50 bonus for doing a $200
employer direct deposit. And so I was last month trying to test what would and potentially wouldn't
work. And I can confirm that Ally does not work, but Discover Savings and Charles Schwab brokerage
will work to trigger that $50 bonus. And it's fairly easy to test yourself as well,
because the bonus posts about a week after the $250 bonus. And it's fairly easy to test yourself
as well. So if you do a $200 deposit from one of your bank accounts, you wait a week and Current
doesn't post the $50 bonus, you know then to go try a different bank. And you can stack this with
Swagbucks and MyPoints promos by opening the Current account using a link from one of those
portals. But the $50 promo also changed a little bit from last month. Instead of it being like a
Welcome 50 promo code, now it's only via referral. And you can go on Doctor of Credit and find
referral links from Facebook. And it's very easy to do that. So if you do a $200 deposit from one of
your bank accounts, you can go on Doctor of Credit and find referral links from Facebook. And you can
sign up that way. Then there was Fairwinds Credit Union for $100. And that one turned out to be
really easy as well, because I can confirm that Google Pay deposits will work. So what you do is
you just sign up for a Google Pay account, reload your Google Pay with some money, and then withdraw
that Google Pay into Fairwinds Credit Union. And when you do that withdrawal, it will count as the
deposit requirement in order to trigger the Fairwinds $100. And that bonus posts on the 15th
of the month. So you do have to wait a little bit, but ideally just hit it right before the 15th,
and you only have to wait a couple of days for the bonus to post. So in March, I got the $100
for my account, and I'm still waiting for $100 on my P2 account, plus the $100 that I get for
referring my P2. So those are still pending, but I did receive the $100 on mine already.
Finally, on the bank side of things, it's just an update on the whole HM Bradley thing,
where they've essentially crippled their accounts and made it a lot more complicated.
To get the 3% interest. And it's really gotten so convoluted to a point where I actually messed
it up trying to qualify for the 3% for Q2, April through June of this year. And so I'd even opened
a HM Bradley credit card for the 3%. But the way they launched the credit card promo,
their terms were worded so poorly and so confusingly. Intentionally so, I think,
that yeah, even I didn't meet the requirements for Q2. So my choices were either skipping
a quarter and qualifying for Q3 instead, because the way the requirements work is you have to meet
those requirements in the quarter before the quarter that you're going to get the interest on.
Right. So confusing even there, but that was option one. Option two is I opened another HM
Bradley credit card for my P2's account, because the credit card automatically gives you 3%
interest for the following quarter, which wouldn't be ideal because at that point,
I would have opened two HM Bradley credit cards. Or option three was just move away
completely from HM Bradley. So I opened another HM Bradley credit card for my P2's account,
and that's what I went with. And I'm really, really glad I did that because there are some
really interesting opportunities out there right now for places where you can park cash and earn
a pretty good passive rate of return. So the big one that I think most people have heard about by
now is buying treasury bonds, specifically I-bonds. And I covered that in a few episodes before,
and it's all over Doctor of Credit and even Slick Deals. So there's a lot of resources out there if
you're new to the whole buy-buy thing. So if you're new to the whole buy-buy thing,
but the TLDR is it's 7% interest rate that you will lock for six months, and they'll renew that
interest rate in May, I believe. And no one's expecting it to really vary that much or go below
that 7% given that inflation is still very present. So it's essentially 7% interest for a
year. And the issue or the limitation with these I-bonds is that you're only allowed to buy $10,000
a year for yourself. And that's a lot of money. And that's a lot of money. And that's a lot of
money. And if you have a P2, they can buy $10,000. If you have kids, you can buy $10,000 for them too.
If you have businesses, you can buy $10,000 for your business. But there is that hard cap of $10,000.
The latest update to that though, which isn't anything new, this has been a part of treasury
bonds since forever, but I think a lot of people like myself are just now getting into it, is that
you can gift treasury bonds. And what gifting does is it essentially allows you to purchase
more treasury bonds.
This year and lock in the interest rate because the interest rate applies to when you purchase
the gift and then it sits in your gift box and you can choose when to gift that out to somebody.
And so during that whole time, while it's sitting in your gift box, it is earning interest. And
then at some point in the future, you would gift that out. So it allows you to buy more than $10,000
worth of I-bonds in a year and lock in the interest rate. However, when you gift it to
somebody, that gift will count towards their $10,000 cap. So it's a lot of money. And so
not like I can buy $100,000 worth of I-bonds and then gift it to my wife next year, and she's going
to be able to receive $100,000 worth of I-bonds. No, she can still only cash in $10,000. So the
benefit of gifting is really just to lock in the rate now while the rate is so high at 7% interest.
Whereas if we were to wait until next year to buy another $10,000 worth of I-bonds,
the interest rate will be reflective of the rate of inflation in 2023,
which could be higher or it could be lower. So if you're pretty happy with the 7% interest
that it's offering now, gifting is a good way to do that. But of course, you don't want to
buy $100,000 worth of I-bond gifts when you only have a P2 and your P2 can only receive $10,000 a
year. You'll be sitting on those for 10 years as you slowly gift those out. And you'll be stuck
with whatever interest rate is being applied to them while it sits in your gift box. So the key
is not to overdo it. In my case,
I bought another $10,000, which I'm going to gift to my wife next year. And then my wife bought
$10,000 that she's going to gift to me next year. And so we already had $30,000 from last year for
myself and her plus our business, then $30,000 from this year for myself, her and the business.
Now the extra $20,000 that we are going to gift each other in 2023 for 80K total. And there's
also a way to get $5,000 extra of I-bonds.
In paper form by overpaying your taxes. And I haven't done my taxes yet this year,
I'm about to, we're getting close to the deadline, but I'm assuming it's as simple
as overpaying your taxes by $5,000 when you file. And then you get to select how you want to receive
that $5,000 as a refund. And one of those options is paper I-bonds. And I think 5K is the max that
you can get on a tax return. So our plan is to do that, which will bring our I-bond total up to 85K,
which is pretty nice because that's,
guaranteed at 7% for the next six months, plus another six months at whatever rate is decided
as the inflation rate, which I'm assuming is probably going to be 7% or more. The main
downside though, is that it isn't as liquid as funds were in HM Bradley. Although you could
argue funds in HM Bradley weren't that liquid anyway, given their various savings and deposit
requirements that you needed to meet each quarter to qualify for that interest rate.
So with I-bonds, if you want to withdraw them completely penalty free,
you need to hold them for five years. But if you want to withdraw them sooner, you absolutely can.
You just pay one quarter's worth of interest, which at 7%, if you hold it for a year and decide
to withdraw it, you pay a quarter of that as a penalty. So you're still getting over 5% interest
on those bonds, which is still a really, really good rate. But if you have more money than your
I-bond cap allows you to buy, or if you just want money that is more liquid. So in our case,
both of those scenarios, crypto,
is the alternative I was looking at. And I know there is just a lot of hype around crypto right
now, and it can be challenging to even keep up with all the new developments in that space.
But the easy mode, less risky way of doing crypto is to purchase stable coins. And I might do a
dedicated episode just on crypto and stable coins in the future. But in the meantime, the TLDR is
that stable coins are crypto currencies that are pegged against the US dollar. So there's really,
no change in their price. There's no massive bubbles or massive dips. They are pegged. And
one of the most long running stable ones is USDC, USD coin. And there's also Gemini coin, GUSD,
which is the one that's run by the Winklevoss twins and has a ton of funding. And since these
coins are pegged against the US dollar, the main risk really that exists with stable coins is that
the platform that you're holding these coins on,
goes bankrupt or is hacked and you lose those coins. And so when it comes to parking money
in stable coins, it's really about hedging against platform risk. And the way to do that is to pick
platforms that have been around for a long time, have positive reviews, and also diversify your
holdings across multiple platforms and multiple coins. So in our case, we're essentially cashing
out everything from HM Bradley and maxing out treasury bonds. And the remainder is going into
50% USDC.
And 50% Gemini coin. And the primary reason for doing that is that these stable coins earn
really high interest. So in the case of USD coin, it ranges from anywhere from 5% all the way up to
12, 13% interest by holding USD coin with the platform. Like it's the platform paying you
interest in order to have your coin held with them, just like how a bank essentially works.
And Gemini is paying 8% interest to hold Gemini coin on the Gemini platform.
So starting with like USD coin, I just went through a whole list of all the interest rates
being offered and kind of just did a bit of research on each company offering the rates.
And the one I ended up picking was Voyager, which was offering 9% interest on holding USD coin.
I picked Voyager because it's publicly traded. It's been around for a while. Their app has like
100,000 five-star reviews on the app store. And that was important because there were other
platforms offering 12%.
13%, for example, Hold or Not is offering 12.7%.
Vold is also offering 12 to 13%. But Hold or Not only has 37 reviews on the app store.
And Vold only has 129 reviews. And some of them were like three or four star.
And so the potential of getting over 12% was appealing, but in my opinion, not worth the
platform risk of a newer company maybe going bankrupt or being hacked and you losing access
to those coins.
So for us, Voyager...
Voyager had the right combination of interest rate and stability that kind of met our risk
appetite for doing this. And similarly, Gemini at 8%. Now I think it actually went down to 6.9%.
But Gemini coin was just another way to both diversify the platform the coins are on and
then also the coin itself.
And one of the main features that Gemini is built around is their security practices and
their compliance with the SEC.
And doing all the right regulatory filings. Their whole deal was to essentially sell and
market themselves as the brokerage for stability and trust and security.
And they've gotten a ton of funding, like hundreds of millions of dollars,
thanks to the Winklevoss twins' involvement. And they're a really easy, nice platform to use.
And they have 85,000 five-star reviews on the app store. And so, yeah, for us,
that was the no-brainer choice for diversifying against having only USD coin.
But, you know, your mileage may vary with this stuff. We've only been doing it for about a month
now. And it's been going smooth so far. I mean, it's actually kind of scary how easy it is
to transfer in and buy like $10,000 of a coin. Like it's literally a few minutes to sign up
on a really nice app on the phone. There's no transfer wait times. Like the minute you link
your account on played and you say transferring 10,000, they instantly spot you the 10,000.
So you can make the trade immediately.
And it's now in your portfolio. So literally like three clicks and you have $10,000 compared to like
a traditional bank, as you guys know, how much of a tedious process it is to even just sign up,
but then add your account and transfer money in. Yeah, it's quite a night and day difference.
And we're pretty happy with it so far. But, you know, keep in mind, these rates do change
really quickly. Like Gemini was 8% when I signed up. Now it's 6.9%. So definitely keep your eye
out for rate changes and research and move to different platforms as needed. There's a pretty
good site that has all of the platforms with their rates listed in a really intelligible,
readable way. I'll post a link to that on the dailychurnpodcast.com and you can check that
out as well. I think the URL is seafirerates.com and then you can look at different coins. But
the key here is to go with stable coins and then pick a few different platforms.
There's also a couple of signup bonuses too. I think Gemini,
if you Google Gemini signup bonus, there's a Motley Fool link that will give you $100 for signing
up, which is a lot better than like the $50 you find on other sites and the $10 for referring
someone. So definitely use the Motley Fool link and you get $100 once you sign up and deposit
$1,000 and buy $1,000 worth of crypto, which is what you would do if you are trying to get
stable coins. So just kind of a really easy way for a free hundred. Then Voyager, I think the
best there is, is just the $25 via referral. So I'll post my referral link on the site as well.
If you want to use it, we'll both get 25 bucks of, I think just Bitcoin. So not bad. It's still
just free money. But yeah, between Gemini at 7% and USD coin at Voyager at 9% and then treasury
bonds at 7.12%, we're now making easily over double the rate that HM Bradley was paying us.
And it's way more liquid with way less
monthly and quarterly requirements that HM Bradley had. So, you know, under that perspective,
I'm sort of happy that HM Bradley has forced us off of their platform with all of these negative
changes. And yeah, it's a pretty exciting time for earning passive income on your cash.
All right. So getting back on track with banks, the final tally there was $300 from PSECU from IP2,
$50 times two from current. So a hundred dollars, then a hundred dollars from Fairwinds for $500
total.
In March from bank bonuses. Next up is brokerages. So nothing really posted in a
monetary sense in March, but a couple interesting updates on the brokerage side of things.
So in the February recap last month, I talked about a online app brokerage that was a really
easy way to hit $5,000 worth of spend. My update on this is that the withdrawal issues,
at least for my account, were non-existent. We didn't have any issues withdrawing. So,
what we did was we put the spend on our Capital One Venture X card. And then once it made it into
the brokerage, we bought BIL, which I think is just a Barclays short-term money fund or something.
It's essentially pegged to the US dollar and doesn't really move. But we bought that and
held it for a few weeks before then selling. And I withdrew $1,500 without any issues. I wasn't
asked for more strenuous forms of ID, which I'm reading some data points.
Does seem to be the case with some accounts. So I think potentially the key here is to not make it
look like you're only doing this for the credit card spend. Go in, deposit your 5K, but make sure
you buy some shares, hold them for a few weeks. Then when you sell, don't just withdraw everything
at once and just spend a week or two slowly cashing it out. And hopefully that alleviates
some of the withdrawal problems that I've seen people have. One thing to keep in mind though,
I just got an email from PayPal announcing that PayPal,
key is being discontinued as of April 20th. So in about two and a half, three weeks.
And yeah, that's obviously a problem for this method because it does require PayPal key.
And my guess for why they're discontinuing PayPal key is they've probably realized now
that the primary use case for PayPal key was to circumvent MS controls. And so, yeah,
I guess they were just losing money on it, which totally makes sense, but it was fun while it
lasted. I wish I had...
I got in early like some folks and really hit it for millions of dollars. But you guys got about
two and a half weeks to get your free $5,000 in. And if you have no idea what I'm talking about,
be sure to go back to the February recap or just hit up the dailychurnpodcast.com and click the
February link, make an account there, and you'll be able to see which brokerage we're talking about.
And on the topic of meeting credit card spend really easily, stockpile is still alive and
working.
Although it's sort of at a more crippled state, but it is still letting you buy $200 per day
of stock gift cards up to a $2,000 limit. And if you're not familiar with stockpile,
essentially it's stockpile.com. They let you buy gift cards that you can then cash in for stock.
And for a while there last year, there weren't any limits. So people went really hard and heavy
on that one. But now it's down to $200 per day and they do very strictly enforce that 24 hour limit.
And if you try...
Do it within that 24 hour limit, or if one of your transactions fails,
it will still count towards your cap of 2000 for the year. So make sure you don't mess up
that 24 hour limit and you use a card that you know will work. And in this case, the Capital One
Venture X cards do not work on stockpile and neither does PayPal key, unfortunately. But I
can confirm that the Chase cards do because I just opened a Chase Inc. Unlimited and we were able to
do $200 yesterday.
Another $200 today. I'm going to do another $200 tomorrow, all the way until we've reached that 2K
limit. And similarly to the other brokerage, you can just select a gift card that lets you buy
any stock. And then you can just buy BIL, the super stable stock that doesn't move. And then
you can sell it later and withdraw back to your bank. So a pretty easy way to just get 2K of
spend. I think they do also limit by like email or like your home address or IP address, and maybe
even like your credit card number. So if you want to do more than 2K, I think it is possible, but you
may have to get creative with like putting spend on a different card and then using maybe a VPN.
So your IP address is different, but at least for just 2K, it's super simple. And this has been
around for a long time and it's pretty public info. So sharing this very publicly here, but yeah,
check it out. Stockpile.com still sort of works. All right. So brokerage wise, the tally,
it would just be zero, but I was able to use those two methods to finish
off the day with a bunch of spend, which we'll get into next. So moving right onto credit cards.
The card I opened last month was a Chase Inc. Unlimited or MyP2, and that one is $7,500 of spend
to get 75,000 Chase Ultimate Rewards points, which is pretty nice because depending on how you cash
that out, it can be worth anywhere from $750 to $1,100 if you use their pay yourself back option,
or way more.
If you transfer those points towards a travel,
partner and actually book hotels and flights. So for that one, again, Stockpile works really well
for it. And so that's an easy $2,000 of spend that you can knock off that 7,500. And then the rest,
just over three months, I think will naturally just spend that amount. And part of the reason
we opened that card was because we finished spend on both the VentureX card that I had and the
VentureX card that my wife had. And we finished that unexpectedly quickly, thanks to the whole
$5,000 of brokerage. So that's a good thing. So the whole $5,000 of brokerage, which we'll get
back to you in a minute, is a brokerage spend per person. And so those bonuses posted in March,
and they were just really massive bonuses. It was 100,000 miles as a signup bonus,
and you had to spend $10,000 and you earn two points for every dollar spent. So it ended up
being 120,000 points. Sadly, they've now reduced that signup bonus, I think, to 75,000 points
for $4,000 of spend. So once you factor that spend in, I think the total you'd get is 83,000 points
versus 120,000 points. So that's a good thing. So that's a good thing. So that's a good thing.
20,000 points. And also they've removed that $200 bonus Airbnb VRBO vacation rental credit
that you got. So that's no more, but the $300 travel portal credit is still there. So those
are the changes. And it's definitely not as good as it was before, but could still be worth doing
given the significantly lower amount of spend. But yeah, for us, the points posted and the way
we're using those points is I really like the feature they have where you can redeem the points
you earn now.
For travel purchases, you made up to 90 days in the past because that meant we could open the card
and then take our time to meet the spend and then redeem it for some previous bookings we made. And
so we had a VRBO booking, like we're going to head up to the north coast of California, like the
Mendocino Wallala area, which just, in my opinion, way better and way less crowded than Big Sur. It's
sort of like the hidden secret of California in terms of places to visit. But there are no hotels
really. Everything is a vacation rental, which worked out really well for this card because
they have all of these credits that you can use. And one of the nice things with VRBO is that
they'll let you pay the booking in two different payments and you can use different cards for each
payment, which works out really well if you have a P2 and you both have a VentureX card,
because essentially we got that $200 VRBO credit twice for the same booking. And then we redeemed
miles for cash back on the full VRBO.
That's one of the interesting things with Capital One is that when you redeem miles
for cash back, it applies to the full charge, even if Capital One has issued you a credit,
in this case, $200 already for some of that purchase. So essentially that $200 that they
issued us for VRBO was just actual statement credit. So that was nice. And then they're
offering various things through their Capital One online cashback portal, one of which is 5%
back at VRBO. And so that hasn't arrived yet. But they're offering various things through their
but I'm expecting that to happen maybe in the next month or two. Then we booked a rental car
on their travel portal for this trip. And that was super easy. I wasn't expecting it to be as easy to
use. And it was really nice. Yeah, you book it and then they immediately issue the cash back for it.
And then I also got an extra 25,000 miles for referring my P2. And I believe someone from the
podcast used my referral. I think it was Shelly. Thanks, Shelly. And so that was another 25,000
miles there. And so that was an extra $250.
miles or $500 that we could use to reimburse. So all in all, it ended up being just a really
crazy massive bonus because it was 240,000 miles just from signup bonuses for myself and my P2.
Then another 50,000 miles from referrals. So 290,000 miles total, which is literally worth
$2,900 in cash back that we use to redeem towards travel. Then on top of that, there was a $200 per
person VRBO credit. So for two people, it was $2,900. And then on top of that, there was a
$400 of statement credit that way, plus $300 per person on the travel credit, which we used
for car rentals. And I won't count that because the annual fee for the VentureX is $395. And so
that $300 really just goes towards offsetting their annual fee. There's also that 5% back
on VRBO that you get for using their cash back portal. And I won't count that either because
I haven't received it yet. But when I do, it will just go towards, again, offsetting that $395 fee.
But if you can get that $395 fee, then you can get that $300 back. So that's a really good
way to count just the miles and then the VRBO credit. We ended up getting $3,300 in cash back
in March, just from two credit cards, which is pretty insane. And I'm kind of conflicted about
how to count this because while it is literally just cash savings, I don't necessarily know if
we would have taken this trip if we didn't know we were getting two VentureX cards. It's like a
$2,000, $3,000 vacation. We probably wouldn't have paid for out of pocket and wouldn't have booked
if Capital One wasn't going to cover it.
And so, yeah, I don't know. I mean, I think I'll count it, but maybe just keep it as a separate
bucket. Usually when I earn miles and points from a credit card, I'll count that separately,
even though those miles and points do have a cash value, but I'm always using them for actual
flights and hotels. I'm never cashing them out. But in the case of the VentureX card,
the way to use it really is to cash it out. Although you can transfer it to their travel
partners as well. But this is one of those few ways where you can redeem miles for like a VRBO
or Airbnb book.
So it's pretty unique in that sense. So yeah, final tally for credit cards, $3,300 of cashback
in March. Next up, we have cell phones. Some of my earlier churns with cell phones have now
finally paid off. Specifically at Costco, I had opened two new Costco lines on T-Mobile
with their bring your own device promo, which FYI, that promo gets extended like every week
or every month and so is still active. As of right now, you can go to Costco and bring with you two
phones and you just pay for it. So it's pretty unique in that sense. So yeah, final tally for
just need to open T-Mobile service on two lines because two is the max and you'll get a $300 Costco
shopping card for each line that you open. So essentially $600. And so I did that three,
four months ago. It took about just over three months to get those shop cards processed and
mailed to me. They finally came. And as soon as they came, I canceled T-Mobile. So I ended up
paying $120 total for T-Mobile service across those three months because it was $20 per line
for two lines, so $40 a month. And we paid for three months of service while we waited for those
shopping cards to process. And that $20 plan is something that most likely you'll have to request
through Twitter, like the T-Mobile Costco rep won't do it for you. And so that's what we did.
We got it adjusted to that plan through Twitter afterwards. And I might actually hit this promo
again as P2 because the net profit is essentially $600 of Costco shopping cards, which for us is
really as good as cash because we...
Shop at Costco every few weeks. And $600 minus the $120 that you pay T-Mobile ends up being $480
of profit for a fairly minimal amount of work. All I had to do was activate a couple burner SIM
cards and bring those to Costco along with a couple of phones. So if you're going to Costco
anyway, it's kind of worth it for like 20, 25 minutes worth of work. And yeah, we'll see.
If you're curious about this process, I have an episode on churning SIM
cards and then another one on churning iPhones. So check out both of those and it'll kind of walk
through how to go about getting burner SIM cards and then also how to go about doing the Costco
deal. And then you can even stack it potentially with other phone deals happening at the same time
if you have the time and energy to resell phones. But if not, you can just use existing phones that
you currently have and just do it solely for the Costco shopping card credit and not try and make
money on reselling phones. So that was pretty nice. And then there was...
I am still waiting on my $200 bring your own device promo there from a month or two ago.
I have a reminder to contact Twitter this month and get it credited manually, which it seems like
is going to have to be the way to get it. But that bring your own device promo now is down to $25.
So probably not worth doing, but they do increase that every so often during promo periods. Like
sometimes it's 50, sometimes 100. A couple of months ago, it was $200 for bringing your own
device. And again, it's the same process as Costco, where you activate the phone,
a burner SIM card, and then you port it into visible by making a new account and then using
like an old phone you have laying around. Someone asked if you can just keep activating
new visible accounts with the same phone. And my feeling is probably, but at some point they
might catch on or flag you for like having 20 visible accounts with the same IMEI number.
So I'm not 100% certain though. So if anyone knows for sure, please do chime in in the comments.
But yeah, still waiting.
On that $200, but I did get three referrals in from folks who I think listened to this podcast.
So really appreciate it. You guys, the way I sort of value those referrals are essentially like $15
each because visible service is $25 a month for unlimited service. And with an Amex business
platinum, you get a $10 wireless credit each month. So it essentially brings 25 down to $15.
And that's what I would have to pay if it wasn't for these referrals and referrals bring down your
monthly credit. So that's what I would have to pay if it wasn't for these referrals and referrals bring
down your monthly bill to $5. But because of the Amex business platinum, that becomes $0 because of
that $10 credit. And so yeah, long winded way of me saying that I'm going to count those as $15 each
times three for $45 total from visible referrals. So that was it on the cell phone end and tallying
up those two things. Costco invisible ends up being 645 total in March from cell phones.
And finally, we have the miscellaneous category. So the first one there
is the miscellaneous category. So the first one there is the miscellaneous category. So the first
is Cigna, which, as you may or may not know, is a healthcare provider. But Cigna, by completing
various activities on their portal, like get a physical or get a diabetes test, or set up auto
pay, they'll give you points, which then you can redeem for a prepaid visa card. And so I did this
a couple months back, but they had more offers that you can do. So we did more of those. And so
we ended up getting another $100 prepaid visa card, which you're technically supposed to use on
healthy things, quote unquote, but like they don't really define what those are. I mean,
we just buy healthy-ish food at Whole Foods as our sort of like way to do it. But I'm sure you can
just cash it into like Amazon, for example, and no one's really checking this. But yeah, it's kind
of just free money for doing some stuff that we probably should be doing anyway. So I guess it
worked. So good job, Cigna. Thanks for the hundred bucks. Then there were a bunch of meal kits. I
mean, there's going to be meal kits in every one of these recaps because we've been
going at meal kits for now, I think two years and there's no signs of it stopping. Like we
literally have our food planned out through meal kits for all of April and all of May now because
there's just so many deals. So let's start with like HelloFresh. HelloFresh, I have many accounts.
I mean, four, five, not that many, but quite a few accounts with HelloFresh. And once we get the
promo, we end up canceling those accounts. But the funny thing that HelloFresh does is they'll send
mailers in the mail and there's various offers on them. But the most recent round of offers saying
come back and reactivate your account was for 75% off of your first box. And there's other percentages
off like the later boxes too, but the one that really matters is how much of a discount you're
going to get on that first box. Because the bigger that first box discount, the more meals you can
load into that first box and then cancel after that first box. So in our case, usually with these meal
kits, we're getting three meals for two. In this case of a 75% off your first box offer, we got
eight meals for two. The total would have been $137 for those eight meals. And after the 75%
off and you include their $10 of shipping, it ends up being $44, which is like a crazy good price
because HelloFresh is one of our favorite meal kits. Like their meals are actually legitimately
tasty. And if you want to do healthy food, they have some really good healthy options as well.
So I got one of those mailers and reactivated my account. And then a week later, they sent another
mailer and I was worried it'd be tied to the same account because it had the same name on it, but
we used it to reactivate my wife's account. And so that went through totally fine too.
So yeah, definitely check your physical mail for these and make sure you read the terms to see
not that they're saying, oh, you're going to get $160 off, but see how they're spreading
that discount out across the boxes. And the bigger the first discount is,
the more potential you have to just load as many meals as they'll let you do. In the case of
HelloFresh, eight meals for two is the absolute max they'll let you get in one box. Then there
were also some pretty good offers for meal kits via Rakuten. Gobble had a $30 cashback. Usually
it's $15 of cashback on Gobble through Rakuten, but they were doing a double cashback week or
something and it became $30 of cashback. And so we did that for both myself and P2. And the cost
is $36 for three meals. And so after that $30 of cashback on Rakuten, it's only $6, which $6 for
three meals is a really good deal considering Gobble is actually now one of my favorite meal
kits. I wasn't expecting it to be so tasty, but they actually have really good recipes.
But the main selling point is their calorie counts are actually a reasonable amount for an adult
human. It will range between 800 to even up to 1,400 calories per meal per person, which 1,400
is actually a bit too much for us. We weren't able to finish it, but 900 to 1,000 calories is
perfect for a dinner. And that's important because sometimes with Blue Apron or even HelloFresh and
Sun Basket and some of these other ones, you have to really examine what the calorie count is because
a 500, 600 calorie meal is probably not enough for you unless you're actually trying to lose weight.
And so yeah, Gobble really was kind of a sleeper there and came out and really delivered some
tasty meals that we weren't expecting. But yeah, I won't count.
Gobble yet because the way Rakuten works is the cashback, even though it's in my account,
Rakuten has a quarterly payout day. So I think the next day is May 15th, where they'll actually
give you all that money. Another one that I've been meaning to try on Rakuten, which I haven't
gone around to is Freshly. And they bumped that up to $40 of cashback instead of the usual $20.
And I've seen it at actually $60 back in one of the holidays, like President's Day or something.
And I think now it's...
Back down to $20. But I would personally wait until the next Rakuten 2X or 3X cashback promo
that they run. And they do that pretty frequently. 2X happens pretty often. I think 3X they save for
holidays. So maybe the next opportunity would be Memorial Day in a couple months. But when they do
the 3X, I'm assuming they'll do it for Freshly again and for Gobble again. And that could be a
good time to jump in and actually make money on these meal kits instead of it just offsetting the
cost. So nothing really to count on Rakuten.
Since nothing pays out till middle of May, someone did join using my Rakuten referral. So
I really appreciate that. But again, it won't be paid out until May. So I'll count that at that
time. But yeah, I guess since we're on the topic of Rakuten, I am really waiting for their increased
cashback again and hoping that Dell hits that 10% to 12% range because usually it's 2%. But during
the holidays, Dell goes up to 10%, 12%. And that's a great time to use your Amex Business Platinum
credits because you get $200 of Dell credit.
Through an Amex Business Platinum every six months. And so if you have multiple cards,
which we do, one for myself, one for my P2, that's $400 of Dell credit for us stacked with the 10%
back at Rakuten. And the thing I just discovered from my friend a few days ago is that Dell will
let you use multiple payments for a single order. So instead of just getting $200 back on one item,
you can get up to $600 back on one item if you use three Amex Platinum cards.
Since we have two Amex Platinum cards, that means I can get $400 off of Dell for a single item. Plus
Rakuten will give 10% back on that. So it essentially ends up being like $450 free on Dell
every six months. And if you're like me and you've been stuck on what to buy using those Amex Business
Platinum credits, and you've bought enough Nest thermostats and you're too lazy to resell Xbox
gift cards. The joke I have with my wife is that Amex is essentially trying to pay me to
play Elden Ring because I don't have Elden Ring yet, but I see posts about it on Reddit
constantly. Like half of Reddit's front page now is essentially Elden Ring memes.
And the nice part is that Dell sells an Xbox Series S for $335. It's not $300 because they
force you to buy a bundle that includes Fortnite and Rocket League, I think, but $335. And Elden
Ring is also being sold on Dell for $60. And so $395 total that Amex will reimburse completely.
Across two cards, then Rakuten will send us an extra $40. So it's essentially like they're
paying me $40 to buy an Xbox and play Elden Ring, which I'm probably going to have to do in the next
month or two when Rakuten has that 10 to 12% back on Dell again. But yeah, circling back to the
tally, it was just that $100 from Cigna and the Rakuten stuff will come in a month or two.
All right. So tallying everything up across all the categories we've got for banks,
$500 from PSECU, Fairwinds, and Current. Brokerages, $0, but some really decent MS
opportunities. Then credit cards, $3,300 of cash back from the two VentureX cards.
Cell phones, $645 total from that Costco and visible referrals. Then miscellaneous,
we've got that $100 from Cigna for a total of $1,245 in straight cash, plus $3,300
of cash back for a total of $4,545 in March. Probably I think the best month I've had so far,
because usually I don't convert these miles and points into cash back. But in the case of VentureX,
that is sort of one of the best ways of using those points. So I mean, even if I didn't count
VentureX miles in that total, $1,245 from just bonuses, still pretty good. My rough target each
month is $1,000. So yeah, really good month.
All right, guys, that's it for the March recap. I know I'm super behind in posting the
ANA first class episode. Don't worry, it's coming soon. It's fully recorded. The issue was that it
turned into a two and a half hour recording because there's just so many details and nuances
in terms of how to really work that ANA miles booking system to get those first class tickets.
And I wanted to capture the whole process so that you could literally listen to the episode
and take your Amex points, transfer them to ANA and have like a 95%
edge on booking ANA first and business class tickets over everyone else who's trying to book
those using their miles. And so yeah, it's just a lot of editing to try and cut it down and condense
it into just the key pieces of information without putting you to sleep with a three hour podcast.
So that's where it's at, but it is almost done. So I will be posting that soon. So definitely
keep an eye out for that. And thanks for listening to this episode, guys. Appreciate the referrals.
And if you guys have any questions, feel free to hit me up on the dailychurnpodcast.com.
You can leave a comment there or find me on Reddit or Telegram or via email.
Thanks for tuning in. See you guys next time. Bye.
