Hey guys, welcome to The Daily Churn. This is episode 24. Today is going to be a recap of all
of my churns from April. April turned out to be a pretty good month, pretty busy with a lot of
different churns happening, particularly on the bank end of things. Some bonuses came through
and some kind of fell through and some were pulled early. Yeah, all kinds of bank bonus drama
happening in April. Then there's also some updates on brokerages and crypto. On the crypto
side of things, less about trading crypto, more about some high interest yielding crypto accounts
that I've been opening to kind of try and stay on top of inflation. Then there are cell phones,
an update on Visible there, and just a lot of cashback offers as well, like food and
meal kit offers. April turned out to be a pretty busy month for those. So yeah, we'll cover all
of that and...
Let's dive right in. So starting with banks, the one that posted really easily was Monify.
So I got $250 for myself and $250 for P2. And I think that offer has been extended until
the end of May. I think the DOC blog hasn't updated it yet. I think it still says end of
April, but I looked today and it's now end of May. So I think they just keep pushing it out
by a month each time. But this is the one where you needed to deposit
$1,000 twice within 90 days. There wasn't like any kind of once a month requirement. You can
literally just send two 1K deposits back to back and that's all you had to do to get the $250. So
super easy, but it seems more recent DPs are saying that you do really need a real employer
direct deposit. Like some of the old methods, like just sending from Chase is no longer working. And
on my end, not a big deal because I've been using...
Square and Square worked as expected since it is a real payroll service. But for those of you that
don't have Square or don't want to sign up for Square or a little worried about the Square
tax forms and stuff like that, there's a new service that's been kind of coming up in comments
on Reddit and DOC. And I think DOC actually just did a post about it a week or so ago called Astra,
Astra Finance, which is an app. And the app essentially does what Square does,
where it will grab money from one of your accounts and deposits into another account
using themselves as the middleman. And the benefit of them being the middleman
is in the case of Astra, you can name these transfers. And so you can insert keywords like
payroll or employer and stuff like that. So for banks that are looking for keywords to decide
if your ACH transfer was an employer direct deposit, you can kind of game that a little bit
by putting the right keywords in.
And so, yeah, I think I'll probably do a dedicated episode on this, maybe for the next one, because
there's definitely some pros and cons with Astra. It's a pretty new service. And so the app is kind
of buggy. It took me a long time to get approved. They rejected my driver's license seven or eight
times, not because I think someone was reviewing it, but because their app was bugging out.
Then there's also like a 1K transfer limit. And I think initially your transfers are getting
reviewed and approved. So there's definitely some quirks, but it is free. And then on the
square side of things, I've been using it for years now and it works well for me, but people
have had issues signing up as well. And I think they've changed some of their signup flows.
And there's always concerns about tax forms, which I don't want to derail this episode too
much by getting into. And on top of that, there's a couple of other services that haven't been
mentioned anywhere yet that I kind of stumbled across earlier this month.
I've been sort of trying out and seeing how well they work. And so I might try and consolidate
all of that into one episode if folks are interested. But in any case, going back to
Modify, it's possible that Astra will work to trigger it. There's just not very many data
points on when Astra works or doesn't work. But the general rule of thumb is if the bank
is looking for keywords and you're able to insert keywords or the service that you use
has the keyword in it already. For example, Square has,
Square Payroll in it, then it should, in theory, work. And so I think Modify probably would work
with Astra. But if you have an employer that can split off $1,000 a couple of times,
that might be the safer way to do it. And the nice part with Modify too,
and I don't know if this is a new program, but they have a referral bonus of $50,
which stacks with the $250. And so I didn't actually even sign up with a referral bonus
because I didn't know it existed. So maybe it is a newer thing.
Or I was just not paying enough attention. But the referral bonus is you need to deposit $300
within seven days. So basically when you're opening the account, make sure you fund it
with $300 to get that $50 referral bonus, and then do the $1,000 twice in 90 days to get the
remainder of the bonus. But yeah, if you want to give it a go, I'll post my referral link
on the dailychurnpodcast.com and you can try it out. And hopefully we both get,
$50. All right. So now moving on to some more interesting bank bonuses because Modify was
pretty easy and everything went as expected. The rest of these are going to be a little more
chaotic. So let's see. Wells Fargo had a $1,500 business checking account bonus for depositing
only $5,000. And the crazy thing with this offer was that it was pulled within like a day of it
being posted on Doctive Credit. Like initially it was,
get a $1,000, get a $1,000, get a $1,000, get a $1,000, get a $1,000, get a $1,000.
$1,500 bonus for depositing, I think $15,000. And then someone in the comments shared a link
where the deposit requirement was only $5,000. And if you click the link and you enter your email,
Wells Fargo sends you a code that you can then bring with you to the branch when you open your
business bank account. And just to be clear, $1,500 for a business bank account for only
depositing $5,000 is insane. I mean, that's like sports book level of bonus.
And of course it's Wells Fargo that comes up with something as crazy as that because I think
Wells Fargo is essentially like the sports book of banking, right? So they pulled the bonus within a
day. And there were some concerns that even if you had the offer code, you wouldn't be able to
get the bonus anymore. And it turned out to not be the case. So as long as in that one day timeframe,
you got the offer code off of Doctive Credit comments and you clicked through and entered
your email, you can now open that account all the way up through...
I think middle of May and be eligible for the bonus, even though no one now can get one of
these codes. And so I'm really kicking myself for not going in and just generating 10, 15 of these
codes because I thought about it because when I saw that offer, I was in my mind thinking,
no way this lasts. I didn't expect it to literally die the next day though. So I only signed up for
myself and my P2 and we'll be using those bonus codes hopefully in the next couple of weeks
at Wells Fargo to open up.
Business bank accounts. But yeah, hopefully some of you guys at least saw it when it was posted
and managed to snag one. Honestly, this has made me think about potentially doing some sort of
deal alert type of a newsletter or notification thing in the future when something like this pops
up and I'm pretty sure it's not going to last. I would just blast out a notification to folks
being like, hey, jump on this right now. So that's sort of something I'm thinking about.
And if that sounds interesting, maybe in the future I can sort of figure out a way to do that
that doesn't suck up a ton of time and doesn't get too spammy and stuff. So yeah, that was the
Wells Fargo update. No bonuses received there, but hopefully that's going to pay off in the next
month. I actually also opened a personal Wells Fargo checking account at the beginning of April
and that one in theory was supposed to be pretty nice. It was $300 or direct depositing $1,000.
And it seemed like most banks, including Ally and Chase would all work to trigger that bonus.
And so everything went very smoothly until a few days ago, I received a letter in the mail
from Wells Fargo saying that they needed me to provide my driver's license as well as an updated
description of my occupation, which is always a bit challenging because the whole fire thing
makes it difficult to explain exactly what my occupation is. And saying you do a churning
podcast.
Probably isn't a good idea either. So anyways, they wanted those two pieces of info, but I had
to go into a branch to provide them. There's no way to upload this anywhere online. And if I didn't
do this within 20 days of receiving the letter, they would shut down my account. So, you know,
just reason number a thousand and one, why I think Wells Fargo is probably the worst consumer bank
out there with like Citibank being a close second, if not sometimes maybe even first. And so
yeah, I guess I needed to visit Wells Fargo anyway to do the business banking thing. So luckily
I am scheduled to go to Wells Fargo in the next couple of weeks, but yeah, it's just quite
annoying. And honestly, I've been trying to get my wife off of Wells Fargo since forever because
Wells Fargo was the account that she opened when she was in high school. So she's had it for like
decades, whereas I went with Bank for America. So both weren't great choices. These days I
primarily with Chase and she still has a Wells Fargo account. And,
if you've used the Wells Fargo interface, it's pretty insane how ancient it is. And the fact
that you can't transfer more than $5,000 at a time, most things are manual. There's no way to
really link it properly with played because each time it tries to refresh, it tries to send a new
mobile code versus it being a permanent linking. The whole thing is just completely backwards.
And so one of the other accounts that we opened in April was that I referred my wife to Chase
where I get $50 and she gets $225 for
a checking account and depositing 25 bucks. And in theory, that $25 should come from an employer,
but from the data points, it doesn't seem like Chase really checks for that. And I just used
Astra to kind of try out Astra. So we're waiting for that $225, but the $50 has already posted on
my end already. And it's not a big bonus. And I've honestly been sort of just waiting for one of the
five, $600 Chase bonuses to come back around before I put my P2 on Chase. That hasn't really
shown up in the last couple of years. So I'm just waiting for that to come back around.
So I finally caved and just did the $50 bonus and yeah,
$50 from Chase and hopefully another $225 in the next month or so.
Next up we have Fairwinds. So just an update on Fairwinds, the credit union. So I received my
$100 bonus last month, and that was part of the recap. And I was expecting to receive my wife's
$100 bonus plus $100 for referring her. And Fairwinds posts on the 15th of every month and on
the 15th of April, nothing posted and nothing has posted since then. And the issue here is I used
Google Pay to try and trigger the bonus. And what's weird is it worked for my accounts,
but it doesn't seem to be working anymore for my wife's account.
And now I'm a little worried that Google Pay is no longer working for Fairwinds.
And that would not be ideal because Fairwinds requires you to make your direct deposit within
45 days. And I'm already past that 45 day window because I was thinking Google Pay would work.
And so I just threw in an Astra transfer in there tagged as payroll and just to see what happens. But it's already outside of the 45 day window. So I'm thinking it might be too late. I'll give an update on it next month if it does or doesn't post on the 15th of May.
But right now it's seeming like potentially Google Pay no longer works. And that is sort of the issue you run into when you use one of these dark deposits where you're hoping the system will treat it as an employee dark deposit, because when it doesn't, you really don't have any way of following up and being like, hey, this really was.
Whereas with a service like Square, you could. So that's always the risk. And unfortunately, this one might not have worked out in my favor.
And so on the topic of duds, bank accounts that just didn't really work out that well, because usually these bonuses go pretty smoothly.
But because I think I opened so many of them in the last few months, I was bound to get a handful that just weren't going to pan out well. And let's see, we already talked about Wells Fargo and having to go into a branch to verify things.
I also opened service credit union because the data points seem like it was a really easy hundred dollars. Like you make the deposit and the next day you'll.
You'll see the hundred dollars posted. And so I love these like fast turnaround bank bonuses.
However, I applied at the beginning of April and I literally just got an email today that my account's finally been approved.
So it took about a full month, plus providing a utility bill back in front of driver's license, back in front of passport, plus back in front of my Social Security card in order to get approved at their bank for a hundred dollar bonus.
So I don't know necessarily if it's worth it at the same time.
I think I'm unique in the amount of information they requested from me.
I didn't see data points where this happened to anyone else.
So maybe I just got unlucky.
But then I also tried opening on Juno, which is one of those app fintech banks because there was a nice bonus and referral bonus and stuff.
And I also did that at the beginning of April and I got a message saying your account needs to be manually reviewed.
We'll get back to you in two business days.
And they pretty much just ghosted me because I have sent to follow up.
Email since then.
This is like almost a month ago saying, hey, any updates on my application?
No response.
So on Juno, I don't know if they just went out of business or I got unlucky, but yeah, on Juno did not work out for me.
There was also SoFi checking and savings, which is their new version of a SoFi money account.
And a lot of people were excited about this new SoFi account because it was offering a three hundred dollar bonus.
Plus, if you went through Swagbucks or my points, you could stack that and get another one seventy five to two hundred dollar bonus on top of the three hundred.
And a lot of people like myself have already opened a SoFi money account in the past.
And it wasn't clear if upgrading your SoFi money to their rebranded SoFi checking would make you eligible for this new bonus.
Or if the fact you had a SoFi money account and got a bonus on that before means you're no longer eligible.
And so I messed up.
I messed up.
I messed up.
I messed up.
I messed up so on Juno.
I messed up.
I messed up.
longer eligible. So it wasn't clear. There's data points going both ways. Some people also tried
closing their SoFi money and then immediately reopening. Some people tried closing and then
waiting a few days to reopen. So their system refreshes. So all kinds of permutations. The
two things I tried was I closed my SoFi money account and immediately reopened, but then it
had me log in using the same credentials. So they knew that I was still the same person.
And unfortunately, that doesn't seem to have worked to trigger the bonus. And then on my wife's
end, I had her upgrade her SoFi money account into a checking and savings because there was
some comments saying that maybe an upgrade would make you eligible. And so I tried both of those
methods, sent in $5,000 into each account using Square because they require employer direct
deposit. And SoFi is one of those banks that are very strict with what counts as an employer direct
deposit. And so I sent two,
$5,000 transfers from Square. And unfortunately, I haven't seen the bonus yet. And that was like
a week ago. And the data points make it seem like it should only take a few days for the bonus to
post. So I think the close and reopen and the upgrade method might be duds for me. All right.
So the last dud that I had before we get into some more positive data points of things that
surprisingly did post well is Albert, the FinTechie app bank. And that's really where I think
all the drama.
Of the bank section comes from is Albert, because at this point, I'm pretty sure Albert is like
running some kind of a scam, like at minimum, a bait and switch at maximum. They're just trying
to pump up their numbers, hopefully get more funding. And if they don't get more funding,
just go out of business. Because what Albert's been doing is they used to have a referral bonus
that was one hundred and fifty dollars for you and one hundred and fifty dollars for the person
you're referring.
If they don't get more funding, they're just going to go out of business. So I think that's
really good.
So they joined and make three five hundred dollar employer direct deposits over three months and
spend one hundred dollars on their debit card. And so that's all fine and good. And no one really
thought anything of it. That's a pretty normal bonus. But randomly, they upped their bonus to
five hundred dollars for the person you're referring and five hundred dollars for you.
And they didn't announce it or anything. It just showed up in your app one day that
the one hundred and fifty dollar icon changed into a five hundred dollar icon.
And I think I was actually the very first person to post about the five hundred dollars
on Doctor of Credit being like, hey, I think they updated this to a five hundred dollar referral
bonus. And so everyone, myself included, was very excited about this. But you can probably guess
where this story kind of leads, which is that Albert, when you click their one hundred and
fifty dollar icon before, it would show you a list of the people you've referred. So I could
see that I'd referred like three or four people.
And that my bonus was pending for all of those. When they launched the five hundred dollar referral
bonus, they hid or removed the referral list. So not only can you not see now who you've referred
and what their status is, the previous people you referred under the one hundred and fifty dollar
bonus have all disappeared, too. There's now no way to track it. And so, of course, this led some
people to reach out to Albert being like, hey, I joined. Can you make sure I have the referral bonus?
And Albert's response to everyone has been, we can't look up anything related to your referral
status unless you provide us the full name, email address and phone number of the person who referred
you. Similarly, I can't ask Albert how many people I've now referred without knowing their full name,
email and phone number. Whereas before, literally in the app, I could see the list of people I
referred. And on top of that, some people who did have the phone number, they could see the list of
phone numbers, names and emails of the people referring or being referred. Once they asked
Albert if the offer was attached properly, there were data points of, no, we don't see any offers
on that person's account. And so this totally just seems like a strategy on Albert's end to
essentially not have to pay out referrals anymore because you have no way of tracking
who you referred or whether your account has a referral bonus. And now they require all this
personal information in order to even look up. Potentially, if you have a referral bonus,
you have an offer on your account. And the fact that it timed with their $500 referral bonus,
I mean, you could put that referral bonus to any number you want if you don't plan on paying it out.
So yeah, the whole thing seems very sketch. And even just offering $500 to sign up for their app
for both the person referring and the person being referred. So $1,000 to acquire two users
is pretty insane. And I don't think they have the funding to back
the kind of referral that they're offering. So I don't think they have the funding to back
the volume of signups you'd see when you do an offer like that. But honestly, at this point,
I'm not expecting to see any of these bonuses pay out. I finished all of my Albert requirements
a month ago, and I still haven't seen the original $150 referral bonus I was supposed
to get for joining. And the DOC comment thread for it has sort of turned into a dumpster fire,
as you expect, because when you offer a $500 bonus, people are going to be really excited
and then really disappointed when it turns out that you're probably
getting scammed by Albert. So yeah, we'll see. I'll keep you guys updated on how it goes.
But one thing with Albert, though, that actually is interesting, and I wish it wasn't overshadowed
by all of their scammy referral drama, is that they offer this cashback thing,
kind of like Cash App has these boosts. Albert also has, I guess, boosts where you can click
an offer and apply it to your account. You can only have one offer at a time. And it's interesting
because one of those offers is 20% off at Whole Foods up to $5. And that works out well for us
because we shop at Whole Foods all the time and essentially is $5 off of a $25 shopping trip.
And both my wife and I have the Albert card because we refer to each other, not that we're
going to get those bonuses. But that means that we get $10 off at Whole Foods for spending $50
each time we go in. And you can do that once a week. And they also have, I think, 10% or 20%
back on Shell Gas. And that's a really good way to get that bonus. And I think that's a really good
And so some of these boosts are actually quite interesting because no other app debit bank
company is offering Whole Foods discounts or Shell discounts. I actually have ended up using my Albert
card recently, whereas a lot of these fintech banks, I received the card, I put it into a
Ziploc bag. There's now hundreds of cards in this massive Ziploc bag that I never touch. And Albert's
one of the ones that actually stayed in my wallet. So kind of a shame they're running this referral
Ponzi scheme.
But it is what it is. And who knows, maybe in another month or two, things will be fixed and
we all will receive like $1,500 because $1,500 is the maximum amount that you can receive from
referrals. And at $500 a referral, that's only three referrals. But since you can't track who
you've referred, there's no way to really know how many people you referred and how many of those
people actually met their qualifications because you only get the bonus if they also
meet their qualifications. And so the whole thing is this black box of unknowingness that I think at
this point is intentional. But now moving on to some of the other bank bonuses that did pay out
well and paid out surprisingly well, Chime actually paid out on my points. And I thought Chime was like
an Albert where they kept upping their my points and swag bucks bonus. I think it was when I applied
$300 and at one point it reached $350.
$300 to sign up for a Chime app bank account. And so I thought it was the same as Albert where
you can offer people $10,000 if you're not going to pay him. And I was not expecting Chime to
actually post, but it was my first offer that I did on my points and I received all of the my
points. And I forget how many my points it was exactly. I think it was $44,000, which translates
into $300. I basically cashed it out for $300.
And yeah, it went super smoothly. It only took 60 days from my direct deposit arriving in Chime
for my points to post. And now I'm going to try doing it for P2, but there's an additional thing
you can try, which is stacking both a referral offer with my points or swag bucks. And I didn't
come up with this. All credit goes to, I think, Kevin on Doctor of Credit, who wrote a very
detailed comment on the order in which you open your tabs.
So that you open the referral offer first before you go to my points and then open up the my points
or swag bucks link. And I can confirm it works, at least on paper. My Chime now shows that I'm
going to get $100 for referring my wife. And my wife shows that she's going to get $100 because
she joined under a referral offer and her my points are in pending. So I'm fully expecting
this to work. And the data points from that comment sound like it has worked for a lot of
other people.
So it ends up being the 300-ish dollars that you get through swag bucks or my points
for opening Chime. And then you get $100 from being referred. And plus the person who referred
you gets $100. So if you're doing the P1, P2 combo, it's $500 for P2.
Then similarly on swag bucks, I'd opened Current Bank a few months back and I'd received the $50
bonus from Current directly for their just welcome signup bonus. And my swag bucks,
never posted. Surprise, surprise. So I reached out to swag bucks. And the interesting thing with
filing a ticket recently with swag bucks is it feels like they've updated their ticketing support
system to be maybe a bit better. I actually got a response within a couple of days from someone
and I replied and then they replied back, which is two things that have never really happened with
me on swag bucks. Usually it's like shouting into a void when you're trying to get your swag bucks
credited.
And they actually reviewed my ticket and credited me some swag bucks. The problem though is when I
did the offer on swag bucks for Current, it was for 12,000 swag bucks. Now they're only offering
5,000 swag bucks. And so when they credited me the amount, they only credited me 5,000 swag bucks.
Even though in my original ticket and my response, I stated and attached screenshots that showed it
was 12,000. And I said, I know the offer is 5,000 now, but when I joined, I was like,
it was 12,000. Please make sure you credit 12,000. And of course they just completely ignored
that part of all of the messages and only credited me the 5,000. And I've since submitted a ticket
being like, Hey, I'm still missing 7,000. And that one, I have not received a response on
in about a week now. So I think in some senses, their customer service has gotten better.
But then on the other hand, some aspects of their support are just as crappy as it has always been.
So it's sort of a mid win loss there where I got $50 worth of swag bucks, but at the same time,
I'm still missing my 70 that I don't expect to get. All right. So that was it for banks. And
the final tally for banks ends up being $500 from Monify with 250 from P1 and 250 from P2,
then $300 from Chime via my points, $50 worth of swag bucks for opening the Current bank and a $50
chase referral for me. And then I'm still missing my 70 that I don't expect to get. So that was it
for me referring my P2, which ends up being $900 total for banks, which is pretty good.
So moving on to crypto slash brokerages slash parking cash. Real quick, I guess we can start
with just treasury bonds. I'm sure you've all seen the updates on Doctor of Credit and elsewhere
where treasury bonds are now at 9.62% for the next six months starting in May. So I guess that's what
they've pegged inflation at. And so they've pegged inflation at 9.62% for the next six months.
The play there was to open before May so that you can lock in six months at the 7%. And then you
know that the next rate for the six months after will be 9.62%. So it averages out to be around
like 8-ish% over the course of a year, which is pretty amazing for just a super secure, stable
asset that you can hold. Downside, of course, is that there's obviously liquidity issues,
getting your money out of treasury bonds.
You will pay a three-month interest penalty if you decide to withdraw that money
before the five-year, I guess, vesting period. But even after you factor in that quarter worth
of penalty at 8%, if you just take a quarter off of that, you're still getting way over 5%
interest over a year, which is still very good compared to what you could get at bank accounts.
But even if you missed doing it at the end of April, that's still okay because now what you're
going to get is $9.5 billion. So that's still okay. So that's still okay. So that's still okay.
And then for the six months after that, whatever inflation ends up being, which
could be higher than 9%, could be lower, could be 7% again. So it's just more of a
gamble than if you locked in 7% or 9%. But it's still worth doing if you're just starting to get
into it now. My friend actually finally decided to jump into treasury bonds and was trying to
meet that end of April cutoff to lock in that 7% for six months first. And of course, he got hit
the, you need a medallion stamp notary form account authorization step, which some of us like
myself and my wife were hit with. So that's something to keep in mind too, is that sometimes
the treasury website will flag certain accounts to go into a bank and get a certified banker who
can provide a medallion stamp on the form, which basically means they verified your ID and are
guaranteeing you are who you say you are. And then you mail that form back into the treasury.
The whole thing takes two, three weeks turnaround before your account's approved to buy bonds.
So either way, I think at this point you're in that 9% bucket and that's still a good place to
be because 9% is really high. And yeah, who knows what the following six months and future months
will be. But for us, treasury bonds are just one component of sort of our strategy to kind of stay
on top of the high inflation right now, because we do have a good amount of money parked in cash
due to fire.
The allocation ratio with fire, at least the plan that we're following, has us about 60% in the
market and 40% in stable assets like cash, bonds, in this case, treasury bonds. And in this case,
instead of just cash, which is earning $0, the thing that we've been exploring a lot is putting
money in various crypto brokerages, which are offering different amounts of interest on either
holding or not holding. And so that's something that we're trying to do. And I think that's
certain coins, cryptocurrency coins, or just having money in the account. The new one that I've
been trying in April is FTX. And FTX is pretty big. I think they're the ones who did the Larry
David Super Bowl commercial. And they own a stadium somewhere, I think in Miami, and they
own like a esports team. And they just have a ton of money because they're very well funded.
And if you actually look up their
backstory, it's super interesting how FTX came to be. And their founder, I mean, I won't go into
too much detail here. Maybe I'll link to the story that I read. But their founder is essentially like
a modern day Robin Hood, like the complete opposite of your Bezos or your Elon Musk's
and your Zuckerberg's. His goal is to actually give away the majority of his money. And he
actually seems to believe in that.
It's not a marketing ploy. Anyways, so I was pretty excited about FTX. Less about the story,
although the story is very cool. But they are just offering 8% interest on cash in the account.
You don't even need to buy any coins. You just transfer money in and the US dollar earns 8%
interest. The downside, though, is that they currently will only let you deposit $2,000
every 10 days. So those are the deposit limits, which is pretty,
ridiculous because even Current, the app bank, which is marketed for tweens,
will let you deposit more than $2,000, but $2,000 every 10 days. So for the last
30 days, I've been slowly transferring money in there. And now both my wife and my accounts,
we have $6,000 each in FTX. And I think part of the reason for their limits on this
is that they're still working on getting full approval to operate in the US. I think they're
trying to get their brokerage signed. And they're trying to get their brokerage signed.
Fully approved. And so it's a slow rollout because FTX primarily, I mean, they're based
in the Bahamas, but primarily they are operating in other countries. And so I think if it wasn't for
the just crazy, amazing backstory of the founder and the fact that they are so flush with cash,
I'd be a little hesitant at the $2,000 deposit limit. But you are earning 8% interest,
which is super nice. And I think they are probably one of,
the best funded crypto exchanges, brokerages out there right now. So I feel pretty safe with it.
But again, with anything crypto, the key is diversification. So on top of FTX,
where we're just holding cash and earning 8%, we also have Voyager, which I covered a little bit
in the last recap. The quick and dirty on Voyager is that you get 9% interest by holding USD coin.
And so that's even better than 8%, but you do have to hold USD coin.
And so we have some funds spread out at Voyager between my wife and my P2's account,
because there is also a referral bonus for Voyager. It's $25 for both parties in Bitcoin
when you sign up. And so I referred my P2 and I got $25 for signing up using someone else's referral,
plus a random person used my referral, I think from this podcast. So if you're listening,
thanks for doing that. So total, I ended up getting $100 worth of Bitcoin through Voyager
referrals. And the money is now $25 for both parties. So I got $25 for both parties. And so
I got $25 for both parties. So I got $25 for both parties. And so I got $25 for both parties. And so
the money is also in USD coin earning 9% interest. Then we also have a couple accounts at Gemini.
And again, Gemini is the exchange run by the Winklevoss twins from the Facebook story.
And that's a really well-established exchange as well. Extremely well-funded.
The downside is Gemini recently lowered their interest on Gemini coin, which is the main
currency of Gemini. It's Gemini's own coin. They lowered that from, I think, 8%. Now,
it's 5.9%. Still isn't bad. We have some money there, and I wish it was earning more, but
5.9% is still pretty good. And just as a way to diversify between Voyager and FTX and treasury
bonds, we're holding some of our cash funds in Gemini because it does feel very safe. And that
way we have both cash at FTX, USD coin at Voyager, and GUSD, which is Gemini coin at Gemini. So it
diversifies not only across exchanges, but also across the world. So it's a really good way to
across the types of assets. The nice part too with Gemini is there is $100 signup bonus if you
use the Motley Fool link. So there is a referral bonus as well. I think it's only $10. So don't
use anyone's referral link, but use the Motley Fool Gemini bonus. And I think you can Google
that and they'll give you $100. And you got to make sure though, when you click that link and
you open using Motley Fool, that the code, I think it's fool2022, is correctly populated
in the Motley Fool link. So if you click that link and you open using Motley Fool,
the promo referral code section, because mine wasn't. And I thought that was okay because I
used the link and it turns out it wasn't okay. Whereas on my wife's, when she opened, she saw
that code. And so her $100 of Bitcoin, which is what they give you, credited fine. And mine had
to be manually credited. And it took a few weeks of back and forth over email for that to finally
happen. But overall, not bad. We got $200 from Gemini that way for signups and the GUSD is
earning almost 6%. We also got our $500 bonuses from TradeStation times two, one for me and one
for P2, which was the, one of the easiest bonuses that I've ever gotten because it was literally
deposit $10,000. And about 30 days later, you see a $500 bonus. And on top of that, while you're
waiting for the bonus, your $10,000, you can invest in USD coin, which again is completely
stable and just mirrors the US dollar. And TradeStation was offering 6% interest. I think
it's gone down to 5% interest now on USD coin. And so we got the $500 each plus my wife and I both
got around $50 worth of interest on the USD coin that we had put the $10,000. So ended up being
$1,100 worth of bonus money in around 30 days. So yeah, very, very pleased about that one.
Sadly, I think that bonus offer is no longer there. I think it's down to something really low,
like $120 worth of crypto for depositing $10,000. Finally, just a couple updates on the brokerage
MS things. So public, I was able to fully withdraw all the money that we had. We essentially bought
BIL, which is just a short-term ETF that doesn't really move.
We held that for a few weeks to kind of make things look a little bit more legit,
that we're not just here to get our credit card points. So held BIL for a few weeks,
and we've been cashing that out, like selling and then withdrawing in $1,500-ish increments.
And my account's now completely empty and my wife's is almost empty. So we have not had issues
with drawing money out of public. I know a lot of people have, but I think the advice of holding
stocks and slowly cashing it out instead of doing it in one big go seems to be paying off.
So if you still have money at public, I would recommend trying that technique.
We were also able to successfully MS about $2,000 at Stockpile just by buying the Stockpile gift
cards at $200 a time. So it took about 10 days, 10, 11 days, because I missed the day,
to acquire all those gift cards and then turn those gift cards into, again, really stable,
short-term...
From treasury bond funds where they don't really move while you hold them and then sell them and
then cash it out. So if you're looking for tips on what to hold, BIL, SHV, GSST, which is the
Goldman Sachs one, JPST, which is the JP Morgan one, Gbill, which I think is a Goldman Sachs
version of BIL. I'll list these on the website so you can see what to buy. But those are just
super stable, don't move, and are ones that Stockpile sells, because Stockpile doesn't
have all of these various funds. And the reason I needed six of these funds was I had just been
sitting on the $200 gift cards, and my thought was I will just deposit 10 of them in one go and just
buy BIL. That turned out to be not how it works on Stockpile, because when you cash them in, you need
to select a fund, $200 at a time, that you want to purchase. And once you initiate the purchase on
one fund, like I want to sell this one, I want to sell this one, I want to sell this one, I want to
sell this one, I want to sell this one, I want to sell this one, I want to sell this one, I want to sell
this one, I want to spend $200 on BIL, they won't let you buy more BIL with a different gift card
until the first BIL clears, which takes a couple of days because you're buying stocks. And so I
didn't want to wait, so I was looking for alternatives for BIL, which is how I came up
with the list. And there was a list of 30 or 40, and I went through all of them on Stockpile,
and these six were the only ones being offered on Stockpile. So those are the six that I went with.
But just something to keep in mind is that if you are doing the $200 purchases at
Stockpile is that when you receive the gift card, you may as well just go in and actually
go buy BIL immediately instead of waiting till the end, because even if you wait till the end,
you're not going to be able to do it all in one go if you wait. It's better to just do it
incrementally as the gift cards come in. And this might be too much effort for some folks.
I know it's definitely more work than public was, but for $2,000 of MS, it was pretty easy and only
took a couple of minutes a day. So I still think it's worth it. And
it's still alive, which is a nice thing, whereas public and PayPal key are now dead.
So yeah, if you have the time and you want to give it a try, stockpile.com.
All right. So that's it for crypto and brokerages and treasuries and stuff. And so the final tally
on that end was the $1,000 from TradeStation from P1 and P2. I won't count the interest because I
would have gotten interest elsewhere anyway. So just the $1,000. Then $200 from
Gemini as a signup bonus for P1 and P2, and then $100 in Voyager referrals for $1,300 total
on the crypto brokerage side of things. Moving right on to cell phones, there was just the $200
from Visible, which I qualified for a few months ago under a bring your own device offer. And that
promo never showed up in my account. And for some reason it was never attached. I don't know why
sometimes these BYOD promos get attached.
Some folks' accounts doesn't get attached to others. It showed up all the way through checkout
and I had screenshots. But once my account was created, it disappeared. And so I had to manually
reach out to Twitter to get it. But the good thing with Visible is that their Twitter team is really
good. In fact, their Twitter team is the only support they have. If you message them in the app
asking for help and you need to upload screenshots, they'll tell you to send the screenshot to their
Twitter team. So Twitter is really their entire support structure. And luckily, their Twitter
support is really good. So this is the second manually credited BYOD promo I've gotten from
Visible where I just activated a burner SIM card and ported it into Visible as a new number. And I
got $200 for doing that. And the burner SIM card cost me $1 from Boost Mobile. So that worked out
well. $200 from Visible in April.
Finally, we have cashback. And there were a lot of cashback offers in April. Almost all, I think,
were food related. So if you like meal kits and free food, definitely stick around for this part.
So the fun one from April, which was kind of a sleeper, which is that DOC posted about a Vital
Farms offer. And Vital Farms sells eggs, but not just any eggs, like really good eggs. Like they're
actually just legitimately my favorite brand of eggs that we get when we go to Whole Foods. And
they're really good because they're pasture raised. And if you haven't tried, pasture,
it can be hit or miss. But the Vital Farms ones, especially like the yolk compared to, let's say,
a Costco egg is bright orange, almost red versus yellow. And you can taste the difference. Like it
is probably the most delicious egg that I've ever had. And it costs $8 or $9 if you get the organic
pasture raised eggs for a dozen. So just extremely expensive eggs. We don't buy them that often.
And Doctor of Credit posted about this Vital Farms
offer where you go on their website, you put in your email, and for a period of, I think,
April 1st through April 15th, they will send you a coupon for a free box of eggs. So of course,
I was pretty excited because those are the eggs I buy anyway. And I was like, well, I've got like
10, 15 Gmail accounts. Let me just go sign up for free coupons on all of those accounts.
And so I did that. And it turned out that wasn't necessary at all, because when we redeemed those
coupons, they weren't checking to see if these coupons were unique. In fact,
on it said you can use the same coupon up to twice per transaction. And so you really only
needed one of these coupons. And that worked out well because as I was trying to redeem more of
these coupons when they sent them out, their entire site just crashed and you couldn't access
it anymore. And so I only managed to get like two or three coupons from two or three of my emails.
In the end, it didn't matter because I just printed like multiple copies of those coupons.
But the fun thing here was that around the same time, Smirnoff,
again, posted on Doctor of Credit, was offering a free 12 pack of Smirnoff if you buy $15 worth of
groceries. So all you have to do is get $15 of groceries, get a 12 pack of Smirnoff on top of
that, and then submit the receipt to Smirnoff.com and they will PayPal you how much you paid for
the Smirnoff up to $15. And so you can probably see where this is going because on top of that,
Albert was doing the 20% back boost on their debit cards.
At Whole Foods, as I mentioned earlier. And so we just ended up going to Whole Foods
like twice a week for a few weeks. And each trip, I would check out with two dozen organic
pasture-raised eggs that were going for like $9 a pack plus $15 worth of Smirnoff and then getting
20% back at Whole Foods for just buying this stuff. And we did that a few times. And now my
fridge would probably, if someone visited and opened it, would just be super confusing,
because it's half filled with Smirnoff ices and the other half filled with just the best eggs
money can buy, essentially. And yeah, we've been eating a lot of eggs and drinking Smirnoff like
we're in college. And all in, we probably got about $150 worth of eggs and Smirnoff for free
in April. I'm not going to count it because we probably wouldn't have bought this many eggs
and this much Smirnoff ices if it wasn't for this offer. But you got to keep your eye out for those
things. And that's why I was like, maybe I should do a deal alert thing where I can just tell people
to just hit up their Whole Foods and buy these eggs. Because let me tell you, the checkout ladies
at Whole Foods were extremely jealous about my coupon. When I redeemed that coupon for two
sets of eggs that were going to cost $20 after tax, especially when I had an older checkout lady
who's, they know what coupons are. They've been around coupons. They used to clip coupons and
they were just genuinely like,
excited. Like, how did you get this coupon? This is such an amazing deal. Like, did you have to,
where did you get this? Just, you know, and so I'd explain it was like a one day offer,
their website crashed, it was a whole thing. And yeah, it was kind of a fun experience. So
thanks Vital Farms and thank you Smirnoff Ice. Then some of the Capital One meal kit cashbacks
finally came through. It took about two months from when we signed up for these meal kits for
Capital One's portal.
To finally issue the statement credit. So I got $40 back from Green Chef, $30 back from Hello
Fresh, $30 from Blue Apron. The Home Chef credit never came, which is weird, but you know, Home
Chef of the bunch is probably the worst one anyway. And in my area, they deliver through
OnTrack, which has probably an 80% chance of not arriving and then marking it as delivered anyway.
So I think I'll probably just try and get a refund on that one. But in any case, we got the other
ones and the...
Strategy there is just to order those and, you know, hit skip for a few weeks just to be safe
and then cancel it. You don't have to wait until literally the cashback comes. In theory,
you should qualify for the cashback as soon as you get your first order. But I like to wait a
few weeks of skipping just to make sure the system properly sends the data around. And now we're
doing another round using my P2's VentureX Capital One card. And so we have those scheduled and we're
pretty much covered on meal kits.
Food through the end of May now. So, you know, we've been, it's been over two years of meal kits
that we've barely paid for and we're still going strong. So yeah, I won't count the cashback
because we probably wouldn't be ordering these meal kits if it wasn't for the extreme amounts
of cashback that's happening. So just something to note, but it won't get added to the tally.
I also tried a new app, which is not new, but new to me. I think I'm kind of late to the party,
is Ibotta. Ibotta. Ibotta. I think Ibotta. Like I bought a thing, but I-B-O-T-T-A.
And it's kind of an interesting concept. Essentially, you scan your receipt and you
get cashback based on items that they were offering cashback on. And it's cool because
it's all automated. Like you'll go in and you'll add an offer that says you'll get a dollar off
any eggs. And then when you scan your receipt, it detects that you bought eggs at the grocery
store that you saved the offer to, like Safeway. And it's kind of an interesting concept.
You just get the cashback in your account. And so, yeah, I'm like, I don't know why I haven't
used it before. I think it's probably because it's better for new users. Like as a new user,
there was about $25 worth of new user cashback bonuses. Like one of the offers was you'll get
$15 of cashback if you redeem nine item offers. And so that goes away when you're not a new user
anymore. So I'm not sure it's necessarily worth using unless there is a bonus like that.
I think the latest bonus it refreshed with now that I've redeemed the easy ones is $10 cashback
for redeeming 18 of these offers. And, you know, 18 might seem like a lot. It just depends if you
were going to buy these things anyway. And some of the offers will fully reimburse the price of
an item. Like I ended up buying a container of blue cheese because it was completely free.
They were going to give me $5.99 cashback for my $5.99 purchase. And I needed to hit one of the
other offers that counted how many items you are getting. And so all in all, I ended up getting
like $42 worth of cashback from using Ibotta for buying just a whole bunch of random things. And
it was very quick and easy. Like the cashback went straight to my bank account. No weird delays like
Be Frugal and Rakuten make you wait until the 15th of the quarter before you can get your money out.
Ibotta has none of that. And the app is really easy to use. And I guess we'll see if I continue
using it in the future. But yeah,
if you want to try it out, I'll share my referral link on the site. And I think we both get a $10 or
$15 signup bonus. And I won't count the $42 I got from Ibotta though, just because I bought so much
random stuff that I would never usually buy. Like I enjoyed eating them. There were things like
blue cheese and sour gummy crawlers that had sugar juice in them and some random like ice
cream eclair things. So stuff I would just never regularly go to a grocery store and buy.
But since it was free, it was essentially $42 worth of random free groceries.
Lastly, there was Rakuten for cashback. And that was just three referrals that I got
from you guys. So thanks for joining guys. And I won't count that $90 until next month though,
when I can actually cash that stuff out because it's on a 15th of the month,
once a quarter payout cycle. And Rakuten also ran their 10% Dell cashback offer again,
which I've been waiting for. So I'm going to check that out.
Because I've been wanting to play Elden Ring. And so I ended up buying the Xbox Series X on
dell.com plus the game and the whole thing ended up being around $420. And you get $400 back from
Amex when you split the payment across two different Amex business platinums, plus the
10% back from Rakuten, which ends up being $42. So I essentially got $442 worth of money back
for something that costs $420.
So I got paid $22 to buy and play Elden Ring. I won't count any of it though,
just because it's all stuff that I wouldn't buy otherwise. And then the $90 from Rakuten
will get counted next month. So end tally for cashback. I think we're going to keep it at
zero for the final tally. So for the final tally, we've got $900 from bank bonuses through Modify,
the Chase referral, Chime, and Current. Then $1,300 from crypto,
brokerages from TradeStation, Gemini, Voyager referrals. Got $200 from cell phones with the
visible bring your own device. We won't count the food and the meal kits. So ends up being
$2,400 total in straight cash plus hundreds of dollars in free food. So yeah, pretty amazing
month. I mean, that more than doubled my monthly goal. On top of that, I honestly,
I'm feeling pretty good about the way we've allocated our cash stash,
so I'm really happy with April. And really, I think a lot of it was just the result of prior
months of churning finally paying off with the bonuses. So kind of a delayed gratification effect.
But yeah, great month. And that's it for the April recap. If you want to support the podcast,
I've got some referral links on the dailychurnpodcast.com. Or if you're in the Apple
or Spotify apps, you can rate the show. And on Apple, you can also leave,
comment. So I really appreciate when you guys do either or any of those things. And I will catch
you guys in a couple of weeks for another episode. Thanks for tuning in. See ya.
