Hey everyone, welcome to episode 27 of The Daily Churn. Today we'll be doing a recap of June and
all the things I churned in June, along with some updates on some new developments, particularly
in the crypto space, if you've been keeping up on that. And originally I had another episode
kind of scheduled before this on employer dark deposits, and that one's actually almost done
and it should be a pretty good episode. But a couple of things came up in just life,
which is that I went to a wedding in New York and both my wife and I ended up getting COVID.
And I mean, the reality of it, I think at this point is that we're all going to get COVID
at some point if we haven't already, but it still kind of sucks when you do get it,
because even though everyone at the wedding had to be vaccinated in order to attend,
we're still traveling from out of state. New York is a big city. The wedding had a lot of people.
And so, yeah, unfortunately we ended up getting it.
And even though...
Even being vaccinated, we were out of commission for a good two weeks. And honestly,
I can't even imagine what that would have been like if we weren't vaccinated. Like even while
vaccinated and boosted, it was still probably the worst illness I've gotten in recent memory.
So yeah, that definitely sucked. But we just kind of spent two weeks binge watching a bunch
of shows, which if you haven't seen For All Mankind on Apple TV, amazing show. We watched
all three seasons of that along with many others. Didn't really do much churning. So kind of just
took it easy and happy to say that we're fully recovered. No long-term symptoms. So feeling good
and glad to be over that hump. But that's sort of why that Employer Dark Deposit episode is a little
bit delayed, but we should be seeing that in the next week or two after I post this one. But yeah,
getting back to the June recap, June turned out to be a pretty eventful month, particularly because
there was a lot of things happening in the crypto space. Celsius and Voyager froze their
withdrawals, which is pretty major news. But I'm thinking I'll leave the crypto update this time
until the end, because I do want to properly give kind of a primer as to what is happening
right now with crypto. And I know people are sort of on two sides of it, which is you either are
totally just sick of hearing about crypto or you're invested. And I think that's kind of
in crypto or at least curious about crypto. And I think, you know, the reality of it now is that
crypto is not going away. So at least being a little bit educated on it is probably a good
thing in the long term. That said, I'm going to leave it till the end. So if you don't want to
listen to it, feel free to just skip that part. But for now, let's start with some of the usual
suspects. We've got banks, a bit of brokerages, some cash back, a lot of mail kits, cell phones,
a little update on ANA,
I've been getting a lot of ANA booking advice requests lately. So I thought I'd give a quick
update on that one. But yeah, let's start with banks first. So banks wise, I got $150 for myself
and $150 for P2 from Affinity Credit Union. And that offer was essentially you had to do 10
transactions. So like Amazon reloads, plus $500 worth of employer direct deposit for three
continuous months. And so I did that for both myself and P2. And I think I started working on
this bonus back in like February or March. So it finally posted in June. So that was nice $300
total. And yeah, I used Square to do the employer direct deposits just to be super safe because
there wasn't a lot of data points on what else might work. And so Square worked out pretty well
for that. And so the next episode on employer direct deposits, I'll be going a lot more
in depth into the whole Square and employer DD space. Then there was also Teachers Federal
Credit Union, which turned out to be just a massive fail for everyone who did it. So what
happened with this bonus was that it was a $450 bonus for doing some pretty basic requirements.
So itself already a pretty decent massive bonus, but they offered credit card funding of up to
$5,000.
And so anytime you have a bank that offers credit card funding, people are really excited
because it's essentially free minimum spend on a credit card that you're working on. And so
unsurprisingly, the moment this was posted, everyone jumped in to sign up, myself included.
So I signed up my P2, we had a new Wells Fargo card that I charged for $5,000. And during sign
up, her account was instantly approved. And the CC funding, which was $5,000, was instantly approved.
Then on top of that, they were offering a referral bonus. So I immediately had P2 refer me,
and I think it was a $50 or $100 referral bonus. And unfortunately, my app went into pending. So
I didn't get instantly approved. And so I wasn't able to do the CC funding. But P2s went through
totally smoothly. And you know, in the comments, a lot of peoples were instantly approved and
were able to fund $5,000. I mean, I'm talking like hundreds of people were able to do this.
And that's sort of where things started going downhill, because the offer was posted,
I think around Memorial Day weekend. So everyone was applying on a weekend when the Teachers
Federal Credit Union wasn't open. So they probably didn't have any staff on hand reviewing any of
this and weren't expecting the influx of churners coming in to do credit card funding and to do
their new bonus. And so since Monday was a holiday, these apps sort of sat in limbo,
but the people who were instant approved were able to get into their accounts and start setting up
direct deposits, etc. So everything seemed fine initially. But then Tuesday rolls around after
the holiday weekend, and everybody loses access to their online portal. And they lose access in
the worst way possible. It wasn't like you get an email saying like, hey, we messed up, we need to
re-review your accounts. What they did was they just made everyone's password incorrect. So even
though you could log in, you could log in, you could log out, you could log out, you could log
in the day before. Now when you log in, it tells you you've entered the wrong password. So of course,
everyone is trying to figure out if someone like got into their accounts and hacked their password,
people are doing like, I forgot my password resets, they'll send you a temporary password,
and then the temporary password doesn't work either. Because what they'd actually done on
the back end was really just disabled your account without any notification or any communication,
even though your accounts were already approved, and your credit card had been
charged for $5,000. And you'd set up direct deposits from like your employer, for example,
to try and meet that $450 bonus. And this sort of just went on for like a week or two where there
was zero communication and no one could get into their accounts. And eventually, I think it was
maybe two, three weeks in, they just closed off most of the people's accounts that were approved
and just refunded their $5,000 again, without really any communication. So P2's account was
just shut down, the $5,000 was refunded. And for my account, I was just never approved in the first
place. It was impending the whole time. And then I think I got an email saying that we denied your
account a couple weeks later. I think the people that were particularly upset were the ones who
had direct deposits scheduled to go in, and then they couldn't access their accounts. And now
they're in sort of a limbo state of like, is my DD gonna show up in this closed account? Or like,
how do I get it back out after you've closed it? And the money's gone? And then they're like,
money's already been deposited. The whole thing was just a complete shitshow. And so you can sort
of understand the kind of comments that were being posted in the thread on DOC. And I guess,
you know, sort of in their defense a little bit is that they're probably a really small credit
union that had maybe one or two people reviewing these apps, and they weren't expecting the influx
to happen over the Memorial Day holiday. That said, they probably shouldn't have launched this
massive business.
Over the holidays, and allowed credit card funding and instant approval of accounts,
if they were going to then turn around and spend two, three weeks not telling anyone what was
happening, and then go in and deny and refund everyone. So I think a lot of fails on their part
there. But yeah, that was sort of the drama in June around Teachers Federal Credit Union, which
I think is still sort of ongoing, you know, and people are filing like CFPB complaints and all
that kind of stuff.
So anyways, sadly, it did not work out for myself or P2. But that's sort of just how it goes with
churning sometimes, you know, you win some and, and you lose some. Then bank bonus wise, I have
plans to do quite a few business bank accounts this month in July, partly because of the crypto
news, which we'll cover at the end of this episode. But I've got like Chase business lined up, I think
for $750, the Huntington business checking for another 750.
There's Citi business, which is a tiered bonus, but I think I'm probably going to do the $700 tier
where you deposit $25,000. And you get $700 back over 60 days. There's also a US bank business one
for $300. So yeah, those are on my list of to do's. And I'll post links to all of these on
thedailychurnpodcast.com if you want to try and tackle them as well. But essentially, I have right
now just a lot of money sitting around in my ally account because of the
recent crypto news. And so yeah, July should be pretty busy for business bank bonuses. But in
terms of just actual bank bonuses earned for June, it was just the $300 from Affinity.
Moving on to brokerages, not too much happening on the brokerage side. I did check my Nadex
account, which if you remember, Nadex is the binary options trading platform from a while back. I
think it's been like six, seven months since they launched that bonus, but it is still around.
And I saw that I had another $300 in there from three referrals. So thanks guys for doing that. I
haven't checked it in a while. So kind of a nice surprise. And thanks Maddy and two other listeners
for using that referral. I really appreciate it. And yeah, so going to count that $300 towards
brokerages for June. Next up, we have cashback. And cashback is probably where I spent a good
chunk of my time in June, particularly with Rakuten. So Rakuten was,
offering $50 for signing up with personal capital. If you're not familiar with personal
capital, it's sort of just like an aggregation financial service. So you just input all of your
accounts and it'll show all of the balances in one place. So you can more easily manage
like how much money do I have? How much money is coming in, going out? How are my investments doing?
Stuff like that. I personally use Simplify to do that. I think it's a better platform and Simplify
though is paid.
I think it's like $3 a month, so almost free, but it's the same kind of concept. You may have also
seen Mint. Mint is completely free to use as well, where you can just sort of import all of your
accounts. But Mint has ads and it's a little janky. I like Simplify a lot. And I think personal
capital does something similar. So that could be a good option as well. But for us, we just signed
up for that $50 bonus. And in order to get it, you have to sign up and then link accounts where your
end total balance in
personal capital is over $100,000. So if you have $100,000, it can be spread out between like bank
accounts, brokerages, retirement accounts. It doesn't really matter. But as long as the total
is over $100,000 and you link it, you'll get that $50 from Rakuten. And so it's a pretty easy $50.
I think the concern or criticism people have with these kinds of bonuses is that you're essentially
being paid to give up a lot of your data to these companies. And so depending on how you feel about
data privacy, you may not think that's worth $50. For me, I'm just sort of of the opinion. I think
that all of my data is pretty much out there anyway. Between all the hacks that happen that
you don't want to have happen and all the churns that I do, for better or worse, all of my data
is already pretty public and out there. And so if you want to give me $50 for my bank transaction
info, sure, go ahead. And maybe that's not the right choice, but I think it's a good idea.
I'm just like Chase and Bank of America and Fidelity. They're probably already selling my
data to people. So I may as well be the one to sell it and get that $50. So yeah, that's the $50
from Personal Capital. And it was through Rakuten. And I'm going to change things up a little bit
with Rakuten where I'm just going to count the cash back immediately instead of counting it when
Rakuten does their quarterly payouts. Because with Rakuten, it's just so reliable. I haven't
where Rakuten shows the $50 credit, and then I don't later get that $50 credit. The only times
it hasn't shown up, I've contacted Rakuten customer support and they've credited it immediately. So for
me, getting money in my Rakuten account balance, even though it's not paid out immediately,
is really as good as cash because I have no concerns about getting that eventually.
And it makes the tracking a little bit easier where I can just sort of count it immediately
now and tie it to a specific thing instead of counting it.
Three months from now and trying to figure out what exactly the $200 I got from Rakuten was made
up of. So that's just sort of the quick FYI on why I'm counting Rakuten immediately. So it was
the $50 for myself and $50 for P2 for both of us opening Personal Capital and linking some accounts.
And I think that offer is still around right now. So if you think $50 is worth the price of
some financial data, then yeah, it's a pretty easy bonus to get. Then moving on to some meal kits,
with Rakuten. So Coldstar on Reddit kind of gave me a tip about how some of the meal kit offers
are back up again to some of the higher payouts. So that's sort of a thing that happens pretty much
every holiday, like 4th of July, Memorial Day, I think randomly like May 10th, it happened on
Rakuten as well. But basically, if you have something you want to buy on Rakuten, particularly
meal kits, I would just sort of set a reminder for the big holiday weekends. And usually they'll
double or triple their cost. So if you have something you want to buy on Rakuten,
during that time. So for example, for the July 4th weekend, Green Chef was bumped up to 60%
cashback through Rakuten, which then also stacks with 15% cashback when you use your Chase Freedom
card, because the Chase Freedom card had a Chase offer for 15% back. And that was an amazing deal
because on Green Chef, when you sign up, they're also giving you their own Green Chef offer of 50%
off. So you're stacking the Green Chef 50% off with 60%
off of that from Rakuten with 15% off of that from Chase. So what it ends up being was we did
four meals for two, and it would have been $103. But with all of these various discounts ended up
being $14 total for four meals for two people. So really amazing deal. I think the price ends
up being like $1.75 per meal, which is a price even like folks on the Lean Fire subreddit would
be proud of. And Green Chef is one of our favorite meal kits.
It's kind of expensive, but when you get it at a discount, flavor-wise and in terms of just
enjoyment, it is one of our favorites. And it's pretty high in calories too, which is nice because
some of these meal kits are like four or 500 calories. Looking at you, Blue Apron, which just
sort of isn't enough for an adult who isn't trying to diet or lose weight. But yeah, this one seems
to roll back around pretty much every holiday weekend. So definitely keep your eye out for that
during the next holiday period.
We also did Gobble again, which was offering $45 cash back. So triple what it usually is of $15.
And with Gobble, you can get four meals for $45 for your first box. So it ends up being free.
If you only did three meals, it ends up being like a $8 or $9 moneymaker. But for us, it's nicer just
to have the meals. So we did $45 worth of Gobble with $45 back on Rakuten. So it ends up being
totally free. And with Gobble,
one thing to keep in mind is they by default, when you sign up, will have the Rakuten special
offer on Gobble. You can actually replace that promo code with Oxology 50, which just gives you
a straight $50 off of your first Gobble. And so that ends up being more lucrative than the default
Rakuten promo code, which I think only gives you like $36 off of your first box. And so keep in
mind, these promo codes that you enter directly on Gobble stack with the
cashback that you're getting through Rakuten. So you're getting both, which is how that meal
kit ends up being free. And again, that promo code is Oxology, O-X-O-L-O-G-Y 50, 5-0. And hat tip to
the DOC comment thread for finding that code. And it's been working every time Gobble has done one
of their increased cashbacks through Rakuten. So similar to Green Chef, just keep an eye out for it
during the next holiday period. Then we also did HelloFresh through Rakuten,
we went on a bit of a spree. So HelloFresh was $42 off of your first box, and then HelloFresh
themselves were offering 50% off of your first box. So what that translates into when you stack
both of those was that we ended up paying $2 total for five meals for two people, or we could have
paid $8 total for six meals for two people. We didn't do the six meals version because that would
mean we'd have to cook it every day for six days. And, you know,
by the sixth day, some of the ingredients are not in the best shape. So if you miss a day and you end
up cooking a meal on the seventh or eighth day, good chances are your ingredients are no longer
fresh. So we just went with the five meal plan for two and only ended up paying $2, which again,
really amazing deal. Then we also signed up for Sunbasket. This time it wasn't through Rakuten,
we just gotten a welcome back coupon from Sunbasket, which a lot of these meal kits
will send to you. So definitely keep an eye out for these welcome back offers,
because they can be quite good. And so the welcome back offer was that the first box was
$22 for three meals. And many of the Chase cards like the Chase Freedoms are doing $10 cash back
right now when you pay with one of those Chase cards. And so $22 for the three meals minus the
$10 from our Chase Freedom card ended up being $12 for three meals from Sunbasket. So again,
that turned out to be quite a good deal. Sunbasket has been pretty aggressively raising their prices.
It used to be one of our favorites, but they've just raised their prices so much that most of the
time we wouldn't get it unless one of these deals came through. So yeah, between Green Chef, Gobble,
HelloFresh, and Sunbasket, we are fully stocked for dinners for the month of July. So that's
always nice to have the whole month's meal plan already set without having to think too much
about it and not having to do much grocery shopping, particularly with inflation and
grocery store prices going up. These meal kits, I don't know where
I'm getting all this VC funding, but it hasn't dried up yet. And it's one way to at least beat
inflation, I guess, on food. And still on the topic of meal kits, some of my cash back from
doing meal kit offers through the Capital One shopping portal that you see with your Venture
X card, for example, those actually cashed in as statement credits. So I got my $37.50 from
Blue Apron plus $35 from Green Chef. And I think it took about a month or two for those to show up,
but they did finally
post in June. Finally, with meal kits, we had a pretty massive fail with meal kits. So what
happened was there was a meal kit that actually someone on Reddit tipped me off to, which was
Factor 75 on Rakuten back in May was offering 70% off. And with Factor 75, the first box was
$100 for 18 separate little meals. And so the meal kits themselves are sort of like
the airplane food. So they come in these little trays that are all pre-cooked and you just have
to microwave them for two minutes and then you're ready to eat them. And they're definitely better
taste-wise and health-wise than airplane food. And you get 18 of these for a hundred bucks,
but then Rakuten gives you 70% off. So only 30 bucks will get you 18 of these. So each of these
little trays ends up being like $1.66, which is a pretty good deal for pretty decent food that you
don't have to put any effort into.
Cooking-wise. So we'd done that both for myself and P2 and that worked out well. You know,
we got like 36 of these little trays that we were slowly eating. Like it took up our entire fridge
and our freezer. But of course I made the classic newbie mistake, which is that I did not cancel
in time before they ship the second shipment. And the reason I didn't cancel in time was that
they only show two weeks at a time. It's the week you're getting now,
and the week after. And like back in May, I had scheduled the meals to come in June. And so I
couldn't skip the week after because it was too far in the future. And I had a reminder to after
getting the first delivery to go in and skip the weeks after. But we came back from the wedding in
June and we both got COVID. And so I was just not really paying attention to like my spreadsheet
and my reminders and like the churning.
Things that I had to do. And so it completely slipped my mind to skip that second week.
And for any other meal kit, it might not have been a big deal. It would have been,
oh, okay, we're out 50 bucks, but we're going to get three meals. So it's like not the worst
thing ever. With Factor 75, only the first shipment of 18 meals was $100. The second
shipment of 18 meals was $175. So I was pretty confused when a box of Factor 75 showed up.
And it's a pretty massive box because they've packed in 18 of these meals. And I thought,
oh, maybe they'd made a mistake. And then I tracked it down to my credit card and we were
charged $175, which ends up being like almost $10 for one of these meals, which is not worth it at
all. So yeah, I was pretty devastated when I realized what had happened there. But on the
flip side, it came while we had COVID and it actually turned out sort of okay in that sense
too tired and not in the mood to cook. And so having these microwavable pre-made meals ready
was actually a bit of a lifesaver. So in a sense, it did actually work out okay. But just like my
inner churner is dying at the fact that I mistakenly paid $175 for a meal kit because
that sort of negates a lot of these discounts on other meal kits that we're trying to get.
So yeah, that was the big lesson learned, which is that when you have a spreadsheet with,
just tons of items that you need to do, it's all good and fine when you're healthy and you
can keep track of it, which is how I usually am. But you know, when something unexpected in your
life happens and you stop keeping track, that's when things can really, really go to shit. So
yeah, lesson learned there, which is always check that churning spreadsheet through thick and thin.
So doing a quick tally on all the meal kit cashbacks, there was the $31 from Green Chef
$8 from Chase, then $45 from Rakuten on Gobble $42 from Hello Fresh on Rakuten. Then $10 on
Sun Basket from a Chase offer. $37.50 on Blue Apron from the Capital One portal. $35 on Green Chef,
again from the Capital One portal for a total of $208.50 in cash back. And I've been debating
whether or not to count this in the final tally and I think going forward,
I am considering that it will come down to, and I'm disappointed that it looks like it's not. So
going to count these because this is purely just the extra cash back that I'm getting from like
Rakuten and Chase and Capital One. This isn't like the discounts that the meal kit companies
are offering themselves because I'm getting those discounts as well. And those discounts
are pretty good. Like I would probably get the meal kit just for the discount that the meal
kit company is offering. So the additional cash back from these portals is kind of like a cherry
on top, which I'll count towards the monthly churning earnings. Finally, on the topic of
cash back, there's a new extension that I've been trying and you've probably heard about this one
before or have seen it in ads, which is Honey. And I've never gotten around or I guess had a
reason to install Honey, but I was shopping for a KitchenAid mixer for my wife because she's
trying to get into more baking, which I'm all for because I love cookies and stuff. And so I ran
across a deal.
On SlickDeals, where the mixer, which usually goes for $400, refurbed was only $220. And then
if you sign up for the KitchenAid newsletter, they'll give you another 10% coupon. So it ends
up being basically $200. But on top of that, someone on the SlickDeals threads left a comment
saying that the Honey extension was offering an extra $45 specifically on that mixer. So I was
like, okay, cool. I'll check it out. So I downloaded the Honey extension,
and yeah, it's similar to how the Rakuten extension or the Be Frugal one pops up. Honey has that
similar thing, but it seems like they sometimes target specific items. So in this case, it was
targeting specifically a refurbed KitchenAid mixer and was giving $45 if you purchased it
and activated Honey. And so of course I did that and yeah, it knocked off the $45 and the mixer
ended up being $160 versus $400 brand new.
And even though it was a refurbed unit, when we got it, it looked completely brand new. Like
there was nothing wrong with it, no scratches, no dents. So yeah, amazing deal on a mixer. I mean,
I'll post the link to it because I think it's still alive if you're in the market for a KitchenAid
mixer. But yeah, that was sort of my first exposure to actually using Honey. And so now
it's one of my extensions that I have. I've got like five or six of these like cashback extensions
now in Chrome, which is actually starting to get annoying because when I visit a site,
sometimes it's like, oh, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't
all five of them will trigger. And I've got like five pop-ups, which slows down the website. But
you know, for now it's kind of manageable. And Honey, I guess, is owned by PayPal. So I'm not
really too concerned about not getting the money like I would be with Swagbucks sometimes. So I'm
going to count that $45 towards the churning earnings for the month because we would have
gotten that mixer at $200. So getting that extra 45 was just a nice bonus on top.
All right. So moving on from cashback,
we've got cell phones. With cell phones, not much. I just got a visible referral from Gary.
So appreciate that, Gary. And I kind of value these referrals at about $15. So yeah, $15 on
the cell phone front. Then some miscellaneous things. I had some tickets to a show that I
stubhubbed and ended up making $60 on. The reason I did it was because we got COVID and couldn't go
and it was a sold out show. So it ended up being a pretty
easy $60 for two tickets. But I know people who make pretty good money doing stubhub reselling.
There's just a little bit of risk involved if the show doesn't sell out and you're stuck with like
eight tickets that will sell below face value. And stubhub takes like a 15, I think, percent
cut. So it can be hit or miss. But yeah, I got 60 bucks from stubhub in June. Then on the topic of
like miscellaneous things, this wasn't really money I made churning, but I did kind of want to
just mention it here, which is that I got $60 from stubhub in June. So I got $60 from stubhub in June.
I think booking tickets to Japan on ANA right now is extremely difficult. And I bring it up because
I've gotten 10 or 12 messages over the last few weeks from people reaching out who have listened
to the ANA episode who want help with their booking or just want some advice on if they're
doing it right. And one of the common questions I'm getting is around award availability. Like
they're checking these awards a year out on VPN. And sometimes it's like, oh, I don't know,
they're not seeing any availability. And sometimes they're seeing one seat only instead of two.
And so they're like, you know, what's going on? Am I doing it right? Is someone just beating me
to the punch? And honestly, the answer is actually, yeah, you're getting beaten to these tickets,
even though you're checking it right when it opens. Someone is maybe a second faster than you.
It's really like buying Coachella tickets. There is way more demand right now than there are
available tickets. Most people are expecting Japan,
to open up in 2023. And so everyone is trying to book these tickets. Like I posted that ANA
episode, I think two, three months ago, but it's only been in the last couple of weeks
that everyone's been reaching out about booking ANA. And so I think everyone is trying to go to
Japan right now. And honestly, of the dozen or so people that I responded to, most of them were
actually able to secure their business and first class tickets. And the only advice I really gave
was just to keep trying, like be persistent, try for multiple days, be faster if you can,
by maybe doing it over the phone. And for the most part, that has worked. So there isn't really
anything magic that I'm doing other than just keeping at it. But you know, right now is just
a tough time to be trying to book these tickets because of that demand. And probably the honestly,
the podcast is not helping in the sense that more people now are doing this VPN,
and so yeah, if you have the patience and the persistence, you can still get the tickets. But
if you don't literally need to go to Japan in like June of 2023, I would probably recommend
waiting a little bit when this demand sort of dies down a bit more. So yeah, not directly related to
any trading money I made in June. But I thought I'd just mention it here because I am getting a
lot of messages about ANA. And hopefully this answers some of those questions. And I apologize
for doing an episode.
on ANA and potentially contributing to some of this difficulty.
Okay, finally, we have the crypto update specifically with Celsius and Voyager. But
the thing with crypto is everything is very interconnected. And so I've been debating
how much detail to go into, like, I don't want to turn this into a full crypto explanation episode,
because that would take a long time. And there are probably YouTube videos and other podcasts
that are going to be on there. But I don't want to turn this into a full crypto explanation episode,
because that would take a long time. And there are probably YouTube videos and other podcasts
that are going to be on there. But I don't want to turn this into a full crypto explanation episode,
because that would take a long time. And there are probably YouTube videos and other podcasts
that can sort of explain a lot of this stuff better. But I think it is valuable to have
kind of a basic understanding of how the ecosystem is sort of working and what has
led to this sort of chain reaction of busts and bankruptcies and accounts being frozen and stuff
like that. So I figured I'd start with a bit of a primer and I'll try and keep it as short as
possible, because I think that primer will set the foundation for understanding a lot of what's
happening right now with crypto and hopefully help inform some of your future decisions on
where to park or move money. Again, if you have zero interest in crypto, definitely feel free to
just skip this and go straight to the final tally where I tally up all the earnings for June. But if
you are even mildly interested, here we go. So I'm sure everyone at this point is pretty familiar
with Bitcoin and Bitcoin is both a token and also the blockchain that the token kind of runs on.
And the blockchain is sort of like the accounting ledger that keeps track of everything. And so
the Bitcoin blockchain generates Bitcoin tokens that you trade and sell and use to buy things.
Now, similarly, there is the Ethereum blockchain, which creates the Ether token. So same kind of
concept. The way you get more tokens is you mine them. And mining, as you've probably heard in the
news, is very inefficient. It essentially uses up computer resources.
And a ton of electricity to compute a bunch of math equations for no reason other than to create
more of the token. So it is a complete waste in the sense that it does nothing other than make
more of that token being mined. And so the creators of Ethereum have proposed Ethereum 2.0,
because unlike Bitcoin, where no one really knows who created it, Ethereum was very much
intentional. And they actually have developers and it's on GitHub. And you can kind of
review the changes in Ethereum 2.0. And one of the changes in Ethereum 2.0 is that instead of
mining, using up electricity, and that's the way that you generate new Ether tokens.
So instead of it being a mining activity, it becomes a staking activity. And what that means
is to get more Ether, you stake or put up Ether. So similar to how a bank works, you put money in
and you earn interest. The way Ethereum 2.0 will work,
is that you put in Ether, and the Ether earns rewards, aka interest. And that's how new Ether
is generated. And that's vastly more efficient because people aren't buying graphics cards
and using tons of electricity just to make Ether. The way you make Ether now is that you stake
existing Ether. So that all sounds pretty good on paper, right? Like less electricity and better for
the environment. So moving to this, what they call the Ethereum 2.0, which is a very, very good
proof-of-stake model, is beneficial. But the issue is that Ethereum 2.0 currently exists alongside
original Ethereum. And both are in operation because they're testing Ethereum 2.0, making
sure all the bugs are ironed out. And at some point in the future, there's going to be an event
called the merge, where they will merge Ethereum 2.0 with original Ethereum, and it'll just become
one Ethereum chain.
Instead of two separate chains. So an analogy might be that you're currently, let's say,
doing all of your accounting in a paper ledger book, and you're wanting to transition to a nice
accounting software on your computer, which is better. But while you're weighing that transition,
you're testing out the new software, making sure it works well, all that stuff. And you're running
both accounting books in parallel with the goal that someday in the future, you're going to merge
both of those together. And if that sounds like a good idea, then you should be able to do that.
a bit of a shit show. It really is because the merge date that they proposed for Ethereum has
been pushed back for years now. So everyone kind of agrees it's going to happen. But the date that
it's going to happen has been continuously pushed back. So why do we care? Why does that matter? How
is this even relevant to Celsius and Voyager? So the thing with Ethereum 2.0 is, as we said,
it's a staking mechanism where you put up Ether. So because Ethereum 2.0 is a staking mechanism,
Ethereum 2.0 already exists. People right now can put up Ether into Ethereum 2.0 in order to start
using this staking mechanism. So in order to be on Ethereum 2.0 and staking and earning interest
on Ethereum 2.0, you currently need to put up 32 Ether, which right now it's trading at around
$1,000 per Ether. So you need to put in $32,000 worth of Ether
in order to participate in this new Ethereum 2.0 staking mechanism. So it's a lot of money. But
on top of that, when you stake your 32 Ether on Ethereum 2.0, that Ether is locked. You can't
touch it. You can't get it out. It's stuck in Ethereum 2.0 and it's earning the interest by
staking. So that's good. But you don't have access to it until Ethereum 2.0 merges with Ethereum.
So until the merge,
your staked Ether is inaccessible. So as you can imagine, that presents
liquidity issues because you can't touch that Ether anymore, but also just barriers of entry
issues because you need 32 Ether, $32,000, which if you don't have that, you can't participate
in this Ethereum 2.0 staking thing. So of course, a company has come around to solve both of those
issues. And that company is Lido Financial, who offers a thing called Ethereum 2.0. And they're
called staked Ether. And so staked Ether aims to solve both of these problems of liquidity and
barrier of entry. Because with Lido, what you can do is you can give them Ether, let's say one Ether,
and in exchange, they'll give you one staked Ether. And a staked Ether is sort of like an IOU
for an Ether that they have on the Ethereum 2.0 blockchain. Because what they can do is they can
give you one staked Ether. So if you only have one Ether, when it's pooled with everyone else's
Ether, it meets that 32 Ether requirements. And in exchange, Lido will give you one staked Ether.
And one staked Ether is nice to have because it is liquid. So you can use that one staked
Ether now. You don't have to wait until the merge happens. You can sell it, you can trade it,
you can split it up, and you can even convert one staked Ether back into Ether,
so it's not locked up and you can cash it out in theory at any time. And the value of staked Ether
is pegged to the value of Ether. So one staked Ether equals one Ether because staked Ether
really is just an IOU on Ether on the 2.0 blockchain. And because everyone agrees that
the merge will happen, your one staked Ether IOU is really worth one Ether in the future.
So that's why they are pegged one to one.
Hopefully that all made sense so far and you're still following along because that's it
for the, I guess, the technical part of it, because this sort of sets the foundation
for what's currently happening in crypto. So if you recall from the last recap, I kind of went
through a little bit about Luna and Terra and the stablecoin that got depegged and became worthless,
etc. And so that happened back in May. And that was sort of the start of a chain reaction of events
because when Luna and Terra,
that sort of triggered a lot of people to want to cash out of their crypto, you know, that coupled
with it just being a bear market anyway, where stocks are down, people want safer assets with
less risk. And so a lot of these exchanges are experiencing like an outpouring of cash as people
convert their crypto into actual fiat money. And so Celsius was one of those exchanges where they
did have exposure to Luna and Terra. And so they did have exposure to Luna and Terra. And so they
lost some money that way. But that event itself spurred a lot of people to want to take their
money out of Celsius. The problem, though, was that Celsius had taken people's Ether deposits
and converted those deposits into staked Ether, because the benefit of having staked Ether is that
staked Ether actually earns money. So whereas Ether would sit around and earn 0% interest,
staked Ether might earn 5% interest.
And, you know, that's sort of how Lido, Lido Financial makes their money is that they take
your Ether and then they stake it on Ethereum 2.0, which is how you'll make Ether in the future
on 2.0. And they give you a staked Ether token in exchange. And so the money that Lido makes
by staking Ether on 2.0, let's say it's 5%, they give you a staked Ether that earns 4%.
And so they make that 1%, which is how they make money.
So what a lot of exchanges did with the Ether that customers deposited, so for example,
Celsius, which is like a crypto brokerage exchange that offers loans, the whole shebang, really,
they had like 400, 500 million dollars worth of Ether that customers had deposited with them.
And they want that money to make money for them, right? That's how Celsius makes a profit.
So they converted that Ether into staked Ether, which makes interest.
Okay, so why is this a problem? So when Luna and Terra collapsed, everyone was cashing in their
tokens for real currency. They were selling their Bitcoin. They were also selling their Ether.
And that became a problem for Celsius because they no longer had your Ether. They had staked
Ether. And so they now had to sell the staked Ether to convert back into Ether, which again,
because they are pegged in theory one-to-one, that shouldn't be a problem. But it became a problem
because...
Because every exchange was trying to sell their staked Ether. And, you know, basic supply and
demand, which is when everyone is trying to sell staked Ether and no one wants to buy staked Ether,
you lose the peg because no one wants to pay one Ether for your staked Ether anymore. I think at
its low, it was selling at like a 7% to 8% discount compared to regular Ether. And so when
you extrapolate that discount to like 500 million dollars, that's...
It's already a like 35 million dollar loss. But what was actually worse was that just in terms of
sheer liquidity, there was no one wanting to buy staked Ether. So not only was it selling at a
discount, but no one wanted to even buy it at a discount. And if you try to sell more, the only
way you'd be able to sell more was if staked Ether was discounted even further, which would then
create even more losses for you. So the act of you selling so much of it was causing more and more
losses.
And so eventually on, I think, June 12th or so, Celsius just halted all transactions. So no
withdrawals in and out of their system, no deposits, no selling coins, just a complete
freeze on all trading operations because they simply didn't have enough cash on hand to meet
the requests of all the people trying to cash out of their tokens. And it really is anyone's guess
as to what happens to everyone who's still selling.
So the thing with holding crypto at Celsius or any exchange really is that you don't actually
fully own that crypto. The standard phrase you might see on the internet is not your keys,
not your coin. And what that means is when you buy crypto from, let's say, Celsius,
they're the ones who generate and hold your private keys. So you don't actually have direct
access and control over that Bitcoin. So when Celsius freezes and holds,
you literally can't get that Bitcoin out because Celsius owns all the keys to it and has full
control over your coins. And if Celsius goes bankrupt, what happens to your coins? That's
debatable. And I think right now, probably not even Celsius knows, which is why they've hired
a ton of bankruptcy and restructuring lawyers to figure out how to pay out customers. So the
chances that you get back $0 is small, but you may be taking a trim off of how much you're getting
back.
have to pay other investors back first who are higher priority than you. And unfortunately,
when an exchange freezes assets like that to prevent a full collapse, it is sort of potentially
a self-fulfilling prophecy because they've frozen all their assets in order to try and, you know,
acquire more funding or get bought out. But the second that they unfreeze everyone's assets,
the first thing everyone's going to do is withdraw more assets, which may be,
what then tips them over into bankruptcy. And so that's sort of the thing they're trying to figure
out is how do we potentially prevent that from happening? Similarly, a couple of weeks later,
Voyager also froze all of their withdrawals and deposits and trading. And the cause was
a little different. But again, this is all very much interlinked because with Voyager,
what happened was they had made a loan to Three Arrow Capital, which is a cryptocurrency hedge
fund.
And I think the loan was for hundreds of millions of dollars, like four or five,
$600 million. And Three Arrow Capital defaulted on that loan at the end of June. And because they
defaulted on that loan, Voyager was unable to meet all of the withdrawals that was happening
on the Voyager platform as well, which was triggered by the whole Luna Terra collapse
and the bear market. Everyone was just withdrawing money from all the platforms.
And so in isolation, if Three Arrow's capital,
had defaulted on the loan and people weren't trying to withdraw all their crypto,
Voyager might've been okay. Or if people were trying to withdraw their crypto and Three Arrow's
capital didn't default on their loan, Voyager might've been okay as well. But the combination
of both of those happening at once meant they couldn't meet their withdrawal obligations anymore.
And so they also froze all trading on their platform. And Three Arrow's capital itself
has filed for bankruptcy as well.
And Three Arrow's capital has filed for bankruptcy.
arrows capital found themselves in that position because they were heavily exposed to luna and
terra as well as ethereum which has lost a lot of value and they also had large positions in staked
ether so all of that combined meant three arrows capital was not able to fulfill their obligations
to companies like voyager which then caused the chain reaction of voyager halting their trading
so you can kind of see how it's sort of a domino effect albeit a slow domino effect of these
companies falling and causing other companies to fall and i say slow because before the celsius
collapse people were already warning on reddit that celsius was illiquid and would potentially
go bankrupt and this was a couple weeks before celsius froze their accounts similarly with
voyager about a week or two before they actually froze their accounts they started reducing the
withdrawal rate of their accounts and they started reducing the withdrawal rate of their accounts
from 25 000 down to 10 000 and there were already articles about three arrow capital
potentially having to default on this loan to voyager and what that could mean so a lot of
these collapses like with celsius and voyager were very much like telegraphed ahead of time but you
know if you're not following crypto news every day and keeping up with this stuff you probably
would have missed it until you got the notice from voyager being like hey we've frozen withdrawals
and then you're like oh my god we're going to freeze our accounts and we're going to freeze
our accounts and so if you have funds stuck at voyager one of the things that voyager very
heavily advertised that cash deposits with them are fdic insured so if you had just straight
bitcoin with them that isn't insured but if you had cashed out that bitcoin into us dollars and
kept it a voyager in theory that's fdic insured at least per voyager's marketing but now there's
like a pretty heavy debate on reddit as to what that fdic insurance actually means because
some people say that if voyager goes bankrupt you'd be able to get that cash back through fdic
insurance but the other argument is that that fdic insurance only applies to voyager sponsoring bank
so there's a bank behind voyager like i think it's metropolitan bank and there's debate of whether
metropolitan bank itself would have to go bankrupt in order for fdic insurance to apply so voyager
going bankrupt is not enough you need the metropolitan bank to go bankrupt so if you're
going to go bankrupt you need the metropolitan bank to go bankrupt which is not going to happen
because they're not really that heavily exposed so there's like debate and arguments as to whether
or not you'd even get your money back that way through voyager but at this point it's kind of
just a unknown like no one knows not even sure if voyager themselves know and so it's sort of a sit
and wait and it's quite possible that things will just resolve themselves like they'll be able to
restructure and everyone will get their money back but more likely probably is that people
funds their assets at voyager will take a trim potentially or voyager maybe is able to secure a
loan and potentially be bought out by a bigger company and that is actually sort of what has
been happening so ftx which i guess is the biggest most stable of these crypto companies
has offered blockfi which is another like celsius voyager type company has given them a loan of a
few hundred million dollars with an added option of a few hundred million dollars and they're
able to just buy blockfi later for 240 million dollars and blockfi agreed to that and sought
that out because they were facing the same issues as celsius and voyager and instead of freezing all
of their customer accounts they got that loan from ftx and has given ftx an option to just buy them
out later similarly ftx also has like a 12% stake in voyager so there's speculation that ftx would
buy voyager on top of that it's been an issue for them for a long time and they've been able to
the news as well that ftx is potentially going to buy robin hood which is the the trading the app
trading platform for regular stocks and it seems at least that out of this chaos potentially ftx
will swallow up a lot of these companies and come out the other side stronger and i think part of
the reason why ftx is in a more stable position than companies like voyager and celsius and stuff
is that ftx fundamentally makes most of their money in a different way they make their money
through trading fees so they're not going to be able to buy robin hood because they're not going to
be able to buy robin hood so there's a pretty fascinating article i think done by bloomberg on
how ftx and their founder sam came about but essentially ftx made most of their money
arbitraging disparities in like bitcoin price so he saw that like bitcoin in korea was selling for
less than bitcoin in america so he would buy up bitcoin in korea and then sell it in america
and so when you make money that way the price of bitcoin doesn't actually matter
you're making a lot of money and you're making a lot of money and you're making a lot of money
based on the difference in price and these days i think most of their money is just made from
trading fees like the fact that crypto is being traded on their platform whereas voyager and
celsius they were trying to make the bulk of their money by loaning their money out and making
interest on it whereas ftx does that as well but the bulk of their profits are from just people
actually trading and even when things are going bad people are still trading because people are
trying to sell their assets versus buy their assets and so they're trying to make the bulk of their
money and so i think that's why ftx has probably one of the biggest war chests for surviving the
the crypto winter and why they weren't as heavily exposed to the fluctuations of coin prices as
celsius and voyager are all right so that's sort of the background on celsius and voyager and what
happened to them in june and if you've made it this far you're in like the top one percent of
one percent of people who understand what is even happening right now and so i think that's why ftx has
in the crypto space and so that can sort of help inform some of your decisions going forward as to
whether or not you want to park any money in these exchanges because for me i had money parked at
voyager gemini and ftx because they were offering good interest rates voyager is now sort of out of
the equation and i got lucky in the sense that when the celsius collapse happened i moved my
money out of voyager gemini and ftx because the risk profile kind of just didn't make sense
for me and so i think that's why ftx is a good place to start and i think that's why celsius
for me anymore where it was like well i would rather just lose a few weeks worth of interest
by moving the money out and just let the whole crypto thing play out and see if it calms down
before i move money back in because it is so easy to just move money in and out of these exchanges
and obviously hindsight's 2020 but i'm very glad that i moved my money out of voyager given what
happened to voyager a couple weeks after that and i've been sort of debating on whether or not to
move money back into the celsius space and so i think that's why ftx is a good place to start and
into gemini and ftx at least for now ftx seems to be potentially the winner out of all of this
and they seem quite stable gemini seems fine too i mean they i think laid off like 10 of their
employees but so did coinbase and so did many other companies that aren't in crypto because
of the bear market and the potential recession so that itself isn't a red flag but at the same time
you know i don't have any insight into where gemini's
money is who they've loaned it out to and how much risk there is of the people they've loaned
it out to defaulting on their loan to gemini which then might trigger something else and so because
that's all sort of a black box i'm just more comfortable keeping my money out of these
exchanges for now until this sort of domino chain reaction kind of finishes and calms down because i
was talking with one of my friends who works in finance and he was like you know we have a term
for this in crypto and he was like you know we have a term for this in crypto and he was like
which is picking up nickels in front of a steamroller and i thought that was pretty apt
for the current situation which is that you know earning eight nine percent interest in front of a
potential steamroller of crypto collapsing is sort of just not worth it you know it's very risky
particularly because we're churning that money can be put to use elsewhere so for me what i'm doing
in the interim with that money and sort of my plans for july is that all the money that's been
cashed out i'm going to be able to use that money and i'm going to be able to use that money
to go tackle some business bank account bonuses because those usually have pretty high requirements
i think that chase seven hundred and fifty dollar bonus wants a twenty thousand dollar deposit the
huntington one wants twenty thousand dollars the city one wants twenty five thousand dollars
so you know that's money that i can move from withdrawing from these crypto exchanges and it
works out pretty well from a returns perspective because like that chase one you're getting seven
hundred and fifty dollars for depositing twenty thousand dollars and you get that bonus in six
days which if you annualize that ends up being a twenty two percent interest i think the huntington
pays out in ninety days and ends up being a ten percent annual interest the city tiered one if you
do the twenty five thousand dollar tier you get seven hundred dollars in sixty days which ends up
being a sixteen point eight percent interest so these all far exceed what these exchanges were
offering and it sort of buys you two three months to just see how things play out and whether or not
you want to dive back into parking cash in crypto so yeah that's my sort of uh short term two three
month plan for where i plan to park cash while this crypto thing shakes out i'll definitely keep
doing updates to this during the recaps um if new events happen which i'm sure they will you know
with just the general volatility of the markets not just crypto but also in stocks so yeah we'll
see but hopefully at least that crypto bit was informative and now
you can bore all of your friends with the crypto conversation all right so circling back to the
final tally for june we've got the three hundred dollars from banks with affinity three hundred
dollars from brokerages through nadex referrals hundred dollars from personal capital through the
racquet turn cash back two hundred and eight dollars and fifty cents of meal kit cash back
through racquet turn chase offers and capital one then forty five dollars cash back from honey
for the
kitchenaid mixer fifteen dollars from invisible referral and sixty bucks from step up from
selling a couple concert tickets for a total of one thousand and twenty eight dollars and fifty
cents in june and that was a pretty close one i barely scraped past that thousand dollar goal i
have each month and you know part of it was just getting sick and not being able to do much churning
but luckily some of the earlier things had paid off and were set on meal kits for july so that's
always nice and uh yeah
otherwise i'm just finishing up the uh employer dark deposit episode so i should have that posted
soon and if you want a notification right when it gets posted just go on to the daily churn podcast
dot com and sign up for the newsletter and you'll get an email in your inbox with the summary of the
episode as soon as it's available all right folks thanks for listening stay safe out there and i'll
see you next time
