Hey everyone, welcome to episode 29 of the Daily Churn. Today will be a recap of all the things I
churned in July, which actually from a volume perspective didn't turn out to be that many
things. It actually financially ended up being a really big month due to some pretty big bonuses
posting. But a big chunk of my time in July was actually spent selling a car that I had and then
buying a new car, which if you've been keeping up with the car market, it is absolutely insane
right now. And things ultimately ended up working out really well, but it was probably the craziest
experience I've had since, I mean, like since being in jail in Japan. That's how surreal this
process was, particularly the part where I bought a car at a car dealership. So if you've been
thinking about selling your car since the market is pretty hot right now,
or you've been considering buying a new car, definitely stick around for the second half,
where I'll kind of give a rundown of how exactly this whole thing went down and what the end result
was. But from a purely churning perspective, it really was a very, very good month financially.
So let's dive right in, starting with banks. All right, so the big one that you might have
already guessed was the Wells Fargo business checking account that posted in July. This is
the one where Wells Fargo was giving a 50% discount on their business checking account.
$1,500 bonus for depositing $5,000. And that link to get a code to apply for this account
was only up for like 24 hours before they pulled it. But during that time, a lot of people,
myself included, and my P2 were able to get that link and open our business checking accounts at
Wells Fargo. And I think I mentioned this in a previous recap, but we ended up spending like
four hours at Wells Fargo getting everything done. So it was quite a slog, but I'm glad the
bonus finally posted.
Because it was $1,500 for me and then $1,500 for my wife. So $3,000 total. Then on top of that,
while I was at Wells Fargo, I was fixing an issue they had with a personal account that I'd opened,
which was for depositing $1,000 and you get a $300 bonus. So during that four hour trip,
we fixed that as well. And that bonus also just posted in July. So total, I ended up getting
$3,300 from Wells Fargo in July, which is just...
Absolutely insane. I mean, I think this is the biggest bank account bonus for that little of a
deposit requirement that's probably ever been posted. So if you got in on that, kudos. Definitely
just such an amazing bonus. And I think everyone's pretty glad that it was all honored and the whole
thing went pretty smoothly. So yeah, $3,300 from Wells Fargo in July.
Then last month, I also opened a new Chase business bank account. And that offer was
a $750 bonus for depositing $20,000 and making five transactions and holding that $20,000 with
Chase for 60 days. And so pretty easy bonus. I think that is still up and alive. So if you have
a business that you want to open with Chase, definitely worth doing. Just keep in mind that
I don't know why it's always so slow when you have to go in branch and you will have to go
in branch if you're applying as like a sole proprietor or a single member LLC,
just what we were doing. But it took a full hour just to get all the things done. Whereas like
when you apply online, maybe 10, 15 minutes of work, but in branch consistently, you can't get
out of there without spending at least an hour. And so just kind of be prepared to set that time
aside. But an hour for $750 is a pretty good return. It just takes an hour because they just
do some crazy stuff. Like my banker printed out the entire terms and conditions, which I was
two, three inches thick worth of paper that she printed. And she ran out of toner mid print
because there were so many pages being printed. And that easily added another like 20, 30 minutes
to our trip. So just a couple of things to keep in mind too, when you go to Chase to open a
business bank account is that it really helps if you look up the NAICS codes, which are kind of
like the business codes for your business type beforehand so that the banker you're working with
isn't trying to figure it out for you there.
And so that can cut down on some time and also save you some headaches later,
because one of the times we opened a business checking account, we didn't really know
what categories to choose. And so we just had them select other, other, other as like the three
business types. And that ended up getting it flagged because they're like, your business
is listed as other, other, other. And even though that's a valid selection, it's too vague for them
to want to have an account with you. And so we had to go in and correct that, which took another like
two hour trip.
Back to Chase. So save yourself that headache initially, and just know what your NAICS codes are
going in. The other new thing that the banker did while we were there is that she showed me on your
Chase profile, how to link your Chase accounts together. So usually when you open a new business
account, they'll give you a new username and password. And now you have two separate logins.
Chase has now added via self-service, the ability to link your profile. So you can go into one of
your Chase accounts.
And I think under profile settings somewhere, there's actually a link that will look up your
other accounts and it'll connect them to the same username, which is pretty cool because now all of
my Chase business accounts and my personal accounts all show up in one place. And before you had to
have a banker do it, now you can just go online and do it yourself. And also worth mentioning too,
because someone had asked in the comments, Chase doesn't pull your credit when you open a business
bank account. So they're not going to see your like 524 status. If you're worried about that,
then in July, I also opened a Huntington business checking accounts, which was pretty similar to the
Chase one in terms of bonus. It was $750 for depositing $20,000. And the nice part with their
$20,000 deposit is that you don't have to do it in one go. It's a cumulative $20,000. So you could
put $10,000 in, take $10,000 out and deposit another $10,000. And that would qualify you for
the bonus. The main downside with the account though, is that you don't have to do it in one go.
There is a $40 monthly fee, but that $40 is waived for the first three months. And then after the
three months, you're allowed to change the account type. So you could move into a fee-free account
and you do have to keep any accounts open for six months to prevent them from clawing back your
bonus. So the process sort of is to sign up for the $40 account. You don't pay a fee for the first
three months. And then after three months, you downgrade it to a free account that you keep open
until the $40 monthly fee. So you don't have to do it in one go. And then after three months, you
contact them after month six to close your account. The issue though, is you have to do all
of this over the phone, like the downgrading and the closing. So a little bit of a pain,
but for $750, it's still a pretty big bonus. And my P2 actually did it back when the bonus was
the $1,000. And it was pretty smooth minus the downgrading thing, because while you're downgrading,
there's probably going to be a month or two where you end up getting hit with that $40 fee while it
transitions. That's sort of just, I think, the cost of getting that bonus. But for like $1,000,
or I guess in this case, $750, because the bonus has gone down a little bit,
it's still very much worth it. And so I think that promotion is still ongoing. And I'll post
a link to that on the dailychurnpodcast.com as well. And for the deposits, I tend to just use
Ally because it's really easy and convenient. I really like Ally and their interface for
scheduling things. The nice part with Huntington, when I added Huntington into Ally,
it instantly added. There was no trial deposits to verify, which was kind of strange because I
didn't sign in via Plaid either. So I guess Ally, for some reason, instant adds Huntington,
which is nice. And the ACH is like a two-day delivery, which is pretty fast. And Ally also,
I mean, they've been raising their rates pretty much every couple of weeks for the last few
months now. I think the latest update I got from them, their interest is now at 1.6%
on their savings. And I'm guessing that's going to go up more,
because the Fed is raising rates. But yeah, Ally, really good intermediary account to do a lot of
these transfer ins and transfer outs. Then I also got a couple bonuses posted from First Tech Credit
Union in July. So $300 for me and $300 for P2. And so that one was easy, but quite involved in
terms of the requirements. It was three consecutive months of $1,000 of deposit activity. So it didn't
require...
Employer direct deposit, which is always nice, but you did have to schedule things for three
months. And the way you could do it is they wanted $1,000 of activity. So you could schedule
Ally to push $500 in and then pull $500 out. And that counts as $1,000. Plus, they also wanted
three months worth of 20 debit transactions totaling $500, which is quite a lot. But again,
the way we did that was we just used Cash App, where we would reload Cash App,
with $480 each month, and then do another $19, $1 reloads. But the sort of annoying thing with Cash
App is they throttle your transactions. So I couldn't do more than like five transactions
back to back before it stopped working. And so we would sort of just spread that out where I do
five for myself, five for P2 on day one, and then just do that for four days and just repeat that
each month for three months. So really easy to meet, but kind of tedious. And so glad to be done
with that. And the nice part with First Tech,
though, is they do have a nice rewards tracker on the site. So you can see your progress towards
meeting the qualifications each month. So did it for three months, and the bonus is posted in July.
And overall, I think it was a pretty good bonus for the amount of effort, like $300 times two. So
yeah, $600 from First Tech. Then totally out of the blue in July, I got an Albert referral bonus
posting, which was not expected because, you know, Albert is really very much a dumpster fire.
And I was really happy a month or two ago when the $150 referral bonuses posted. I wasn't expecting
that because they'd removed their referral tracker, their customer service, had no idea
what was going on. It was a total mess. But those $150s had posted, and I was pretty chuffed about
that. But in July, a $500 referral bonus from Albert posted. So if you recall from a few months
back, Albert had upped their referral bonuses to $500.
On the same day, they removed the referral tracker. So they removed any ability for you
to track who they referred, and also simultaneously upped the referral bonus to $500, which created a
total mess because people were like, did I get referred? Did I not get referred? Then Albert
wouldn't give out any info about your referrals unless you knew the email address and first name
and last name, and I think even phone number of the person who referred you. So the whole thing
was very opaque, and I wasn't expecting any of those $500.
But it actually posted, and what an insane bonus from an insane company because $500 for referring
someone is probably the biggest referral bonus I've ever seen, especially from an app bank.
And the sad thing with Albert too, though, is that I actually use that Albert card every week
because they actually have a couple really good offers on it each week, which is you get 10% back
at Shell up to $5.
So what that sort of translates into is getting $50 worth of gas at Shell, Albert will just
instantly give you $5 back, or getting $25 worth of food at Whole Foods, Albert just gives you $5
back on that, which is a really good deal. And especially if you're in P1, P2 mode,
the way we sort of do Whole Foods now is that we'll have two shopping carts where I'll check
out with $25 worth of stuff, and my wife will check out with $25 worth of stuff,
and we both use our Albert cards. And so a $50 shopping trip ends up being $40,
which no one else is offering these kinds of discounts on groceries at Whole Foods.
So I actually keep the Albert card in my wallet. So definitely kind of a shame that Albert has such
poor communication and has left so many people with such a bad taste in their mouths from the
way they handled their referral bonuses. But the thing is, these referral bonuses
and their card is actually sort of useful. So, you know, way to screw up the whole PR thing.
And it's really a shame because this could have been pretty good. And it actually is pretty good
when it works. Finally, on the bank side of things, we've got Juno, which is another app bank. So they
used to be on Juno. I think they're rebranded to just Juno, J-U-N-O. And this is a weird one
because I applied for Juno back in April, and I just never heard back from them. And my account
wasn't approved. And I followed up and I was like, oh, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't
know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. And I followed up like three, four times. And
eventually someone responded to me months later being like, we couldn't verify your identity.
So you need to send in the usual stuff, like a copy of your driver's license and like a utility
statement if you want to open your account. And at that point, I just didn't care enough to even
send that stuff in anymore because I'm like, wow, the customer service really, really sucks.
And out of the blue, a few weeks ago, I got an email from Juno being like, hey, you're approved.
Welcome to Juno. And I never sent in any of their
other stuff. So I think my guess might be, as with many of these FinTech-y app companies,
is that they're struggling right now with the way the market is. And somebody at Juno
high up was probably just like, look, approve everyone in that pending queue so they can
deposit money with us so that we don't go bankrupt. So I think that's how I ended up
getting approved four months after I'd applied. And yeah, I now have a Juno account. And the nice
part with Juno, the reason I had originally applied was that via referral, they were giving
a $100 bonus for depositing $250. And from some of the data points that I read,
WISE, TransferWise will work to qualify for the direct deposit. And if you're not familiar with
WISE, definitely check out the previous episode on employer direct deposits, because I go super
in-depth into the cheapest possible method of doing these transfers with WISE in that episode.
So definitely check it out.
But yeah, I'm excited to try Juno now because, you know, I think I saw some things on DOC where
they're offering like 10% cash back when you use USD coin to pay for things. They run those kinds
of promos every so often. And so I just referred my P2 to Juno. And if you guys want to try Juno,
I'll stick my referral link up there as well. And yeah, we can all give it a go.
All right. That was it for banks in July. So we've got the $3,300 from Wells Fargo.
$600 from Firstech. $500 from Albert for a total of $4,400 from bank accounts in July,
which is just absolutely insane. That is probably the biggest month I've had for bank accounts.
And that is all just straight cash that we're getting, which is even crazier. And, you know,
a lot of that was thanks to Wells Fargo kind of just making it rain there. But yeah, big month
for banks. All right. So moving on to credit cards.
So in July, I was still working on the two Wells Fargo credit cards that I'd opened in that same
four-hour trip. And that was for $300 for spending $3,000. So not great, not terrible. But
the big appeal of that was that there was no hard pull because we did it during the business
account opening. They just show you some pre-approved credit cards. So we got those
cards without a hard pull. And because they are business cards, they don't show up on our personal
credit.
So essentially, it was like two free cards, one for myself and one for P2. And so when those
post, which hopefully will be in August, we just finished spend on them in July. But that would
have turned that Wells Fargo trip into $3,000 from the business checking account, $300 from
the personal checking account, and $300 times two for the two credit cards for a total of $3,900
from Wells Fargo for four hours of work, which is just so crazy.
Yeah, no bonus yet, but hopefully soon. Then I'm also still working on the U.S. Bank triple cash
card. That one was for a $500 bonus for spending $4,500. So a little bit better than the Wells
Fargo one. I just opened it to have as kind of a backup card when I apply for other cards,
because the nice thing with the triple cash is that you have six months to spend your $4,500,
which is always nice. But yeah, almost done with spend for that one. I also applied for
a new Chase Inc. Unlimited card for the new business. I had my P2 refer me. And with these
cards, I tend to like to spread them across my different businesses so that I don't have the
same card type open for the same business multiple times just to be safe. And they're
offering a 20,000 point referral bonus right now, which they've been doing for a few months, but
it's quite a good referral bonus. So I'll get 75,000 ultimate reward points for spending $7,500.
Plus, my wife will get 20,000 points from the referral. So after spend and everything,
it will easily be over 100,000 Chase points. So quite a good bonus. And if you've been thinking
about opening a new Chase Inc. and you're not in multiplayer mode, I'll put my link up on the
site as well and really appreciate it when you guys use them. But otherwise, that was it for
credit cards in July. So nothing posted, but a lot of spend got finished. So hopefully in August,
I'll start seeing some of those come in.
I got $58 back from Capital One from a VRBO purchase I made like months ago near the beginning
of the year. And so basically Capital One through their shopping portal is giving 5% cash back on
VRBO, which is unique because no one really offers cash back on VRBO. And so I had a trip booked
because I'd gotten a new VentureX card and I had some points coming in and I kind of just gave up
on that 5% cash back. So it'd been so long, but it randomly showed up in my,
in July. So that was kind of nice. And the other cash backs I usually get from Capital One
are for meal kits. And those usually post way quicker. And actually, I just gotten a tip
recently from David, one of my listeners. Thanks, David. The meal kit offers on the
Capital One shopping portal have increased. I think it's now at $64 for Green Chef and $52
back for HelloFresh. And those stack with whatever offer Green Chef and HelloFresh
are offering on their box. So that's a good thing. And I think that's a good thing.
So you can potentially end up getting a whole bunch of meals or essentially free once you get
that cash back. So yeah, definitely a pretty good deal if you haven't done those yet. And one thing
they're doing recently, cause I just got some Green Chef and HelloFresh delivered in July is
that they're putting these like paper coupon things with codes on them that you can give to
friends and it gives your friend the first box free up to a certain amount. So with Green Chef,
it's a free box up to, I think,
$99 and you just pay the $10 shipping. And then HelloFresh is a free box up to $65. And so it ends
up being like three or four free dinners and a fully free first box can be nice because a lot
of these meal kits, the way they structure their offer is it's like $200 off, but it's spread out
across like five, six boxes. And the discount you get on the first box is something like 50%
off of the first box instead of the full first box being
discounted at a hundred percent. And so, yeah, I've got like three of these cards from Green Chef
and three from HelloFresh. So if anyone's been on the fence about trying these meal kits or want to
try a different meal kit service and you haven't tried Green Chef or HelloFresh before, you're
totally welcome to have these cards. Just leave me a comment under this episode on the daily
churn podcast.com. I'll just do a first come first serve thing, maybe like one per person.
So just let me know if you want a Green Chef one or HelloFresh one,
and I'll do a first come first serve thing. So let me know if you want a Green Chef one or HelloFresh one.
So let me know if you want a Green Chef one or HelloFresh one.
So let me know if you want a Green Chef one or HelloFresh one.
Next up, we have Visible. A couple of folks joined in July using my referral code. So really
appreciate it, you guys. The way I sort of value those referrals are at like $15 each because
Visible service, once you join PartyPay, is only $25 a month for Unlimited. And my wife and I,
we love Visible because of that. And then if you have an Amex Business Platinum,
that knocks on the door for you. So if you're interested in Visible, you can go to Visible.com.
Because Amex gives you a $10 wireless credit each month. So Visible can potentially only cost you
$15 a month. But then when someone joins using a referral, Visible knocks the price down to $5 a
month for one month. And then Amex credits you that $5 anyway, so it ends up being free.
So the net effect is we end up saving $15 when someone uses the referral. So that's kind of how
I figure out that $15 value. And those two referrals ends up being $30.
On the Visible front in July. Finally, we have the thing that took up most of my time in July,
which was selling a used car, which I ended up actually doing through Carvana and buying a new
car through a dealership. So on the selling side of things, man, I wish I just started
with Carvana and didn't spend all this time trying these other methods because I think I
probably would have saved at least 50% of the time. Because what I did was,
I started by going the more traditional route, like posting it on Craigslist and posting it on
Facebook Marketplace and posting it on OfferUp, which is like an app that's pretty cool for
selling various things. And yeah, just dealing with flaky people, reaching out about the car
and then not responding or scheduling a time to see the car and then not showing up. I mean,
it was just a lot of time wasted. And I also got quotes from pretty much every website,
service out there in addition to Carvana and Carvana beat everyone's quotes easily by like
$5,000. And so ultimately when I just had enough of Craigslist and Facebook, because I was trying
to sell the car for like $2,000 above what Carvana offered me and it just didn't pan out because
Carvana's offer was just so good and people on Facebook and Craigslist are just so flaky.
And so I scheduled the pickup through Carvana and man,
Carvana is amazing. Like the ads are real. They literally showed up at my house a couple of days
later at the time that I'd scheduled. And they drove up in just a little like Carvana sedan and
they had one person driving and one passenger and that passenger was going to be the Carvana agent
that then would drive my car away. So they didn't even bring like a tow truck or a trailer or
anything. That person was just going to drive my car. And the whole process took like 15 minutes.
She spent maybe...
Five minutes looking at the car. She didn't even open the hood. It was literally just kind of a
eyeball scan around the perimeter. And I'd marked the car as in excellent condition. And it was
probably pretty close to excellent, but there were some scratches and stuff on the side and
there were no issues with that at all. And yeah, it was just such a smooth process that literally
after 15 minutes, she left with my car. And right then and there, I got online and I bought some
cars. And I bought some cars. And I bought some cars. And I bought some cars. And I bought some
Carvana stock because I'm like, this was just amazing compared to the two, three weeks of me
trying to do this myself. And luckily, actually, I timed that really well because Carvana now is up
like a hundred percent since like a month ago when I bought it. So it kind of got lucky there,
but yeah, really believe in the Carvana service. And if you've been thinking about selling a used
car, honestly, at this point, I would just recommend skipping all of the effort and just
going straight to Carvana. It just doesn't make sense to sell your car anywhere.
Especially given how much Carvana is offering above Kelly Blue Book value. The only snafu I had
with Carvana though, was that the payment that they make to you, they do via ACH into your bank
account. And it didn't show up for like a week and a half. And I finally contacted them and they
were like, huh, it's so weird. For some reason, your sale never got fully finalized because I
never even got an email from Carvana being like, congrats, you sold your car, et cetera. And I was
worried for like a second, there might be issues, but she was like, no, it's just like a weird
logistical thing on our end. And she like clicked the button and I got all the emails from Carvana
congratulating me on selling the car. And then the ACH money showed up in my account two days later.
And my guess for why that happened was that the Carvana agent who picked up my car had an iPad
and she was doing all of this stuff on the iPad, but I have terrible cell service where I live.
My wife and I, we're sort of doing the,
the whole homesteading thing and we're kind of out in the middle of nowhere with terrible
cell reception. And so I think for whatever reason that purchase just got stuck in the queue
and there was no cell reception for her iPad to finalize everything. And they don't have a system
to check to make sure everything got finalized. And so that's sort of why it got stuck and it
was a super easy fix, but a little bit annoying that it didn't just happen automatically.
So I would actually recommend to get a check from Carvana because they give you two options.
You want your money via ACH, which takes a couple of days, or do you want them to just bring a paper
check? And in hindsight, I wish I just selected bring a paper check because then there wouldn't
have been this delay with cell service and all that stuff. I could have cashed the check instead
of spending like a week wondering why my money hadn't shown up. So not a big deal and probably
won't affect most people, but just something to keep in mind. But yeah, that's where the bulk of
my time in July was spent was trying to sell the car myself.
I love the Carvana price, which didn't work out. But the other thing that ended up sucking up a lot
of time and actually turned out to be way more stressful and frustrating was buying a new car
at a car dealership. I don't know if this is just how it always is at car dealerships. And I've just
had the good fortune to have never stepped foot into a car dealership up until now, but just what
an absolutely insane experience it is. And I'm sure a lot of you guys listening who have
done the car dealership thing are like, well, of course, that's just how it goes at car dealerships.
But I kind of wonder if we just had a really bad one or if right now with the crazy market,
it's causing dealerships to be like this. But I guess a bit of context, you know, for those who
don't have a car or aren't trying to buy a car, it's a crazy market right now for cars. Like if
you want to get a new car, you often have to put yourself on a wait list and wait months for
inventory.
Especially if you have a very specific kind of like trim or engine type or color that you're
waiting for. And yeah, dealers are really taking advantage of that. Like they're adding these
market adjustment fees on top of MSRP. So back in the day, I remember buying a car where I just
emailed the dealership's internet agent and offered them a price below invoice and emailed a few
different places and got the best price below invoice.
And that was it. A few months later, I picked up my car and it was done. Nowadays, people are
paying above MSRP, whether it's through these market adjustments or dealerships are just adding
in a bunch of these like mandatory quote unquote upgrades on the car. Like they'll tint your
windows or they'll add mud flaps or they'll put a ceramic coating on the car and then charge you
like $800 for it. And there's no way you can say, I don't want it. Like this is how they're able to
price these cars above MSRP.
So these days people are just pretty happy if they get a car for like a few hundred dollars
above MSRP and are ecstatic if they get their car within a few weeks. Like that's sort of the bar
that's been set now with all of the supply constraints. And so I did like a ton of
research, hours and hours of research on Reddit before buying the car. I called like 20 dealerships
all over our state, a few dealerships even out of the state to see which one had the best price
and best availability. And then I got a lot of questions about, you know,
what's the best price for this car. And then finally I found a dealership that was like an
hour away, which is really good because some people are flying to other states to get the
model that they want at MSRP and then driving at home. And so I was actually able to find the exact
model that I wanted that was in stock and it was going for below MSRP. And the dealership was only
an hour away from me, which is just sort of amazing and unheard of. And I was kind of like
skeptical that this was the case. Right. And so I called them ahead of time because it's like,
a two hour round trip to go over there. And I wanted to confirm the price because it was going
for below MSRP. And yeah, the person I spoke with confirmed that this is the price out the door
other than taxes. And so my wife and I got in the car and headed out and thought that it would be
maybe an hour of time, maybe at worst two hours, the dealership to do all the paperwork. And,
you know, I'd heard all the standard horror stories of dealerships. Right. But I thought I
was ready.
Like I've spent four hours at Wells Fargo. I've spent three hours at Chase, you know,
so I'm used to kind of slogging it out. And, you know, I've traveled abroad where I've been
hustled and scammed at markets and conned out of money. And, you know, I felt pretty confident
in my abilities to handle myself at a dealership. But boy, did we underestimate what was going to
go down. I mean, TLDR, we spent five hours there and my mind,
has been blown at the sheer amount of thought, money and time that has been put into dealerships
with the sole purpose of conning people out of money. Like they threw everything they had at me,
like every tactic that you could imagine. There was like good cop, bad cop, a chain of like
escalation, like delaying you playing dumb, honest mistakes and quite frankly, just straight out
lying to my face.
multiple times over the course of five hours. And weeks later, you know, I'm still speechless
and still kind of processing it all that this whole thing actually went down. Like it was
so surreal, just the level of sheer deception that happens at a dealership. And it was honestly
more surreal than being in jail in Japan, which if you haven't heard that story, that's I think
episode eight, the high globalist episode where I kind of.
Talk about what happened there. But even that experience kind of pales to this experience
of the dealership, because it honestly felt like I'd been transported to this alternate reality.
And it was extra surreal because this dealership is only like an hour away from where I live.
And these people all speak my language. They look like the people around me every day. Yet the
things they are doing are just so counter to how American society works. So it was just such a
strange experience.
And, you know, ultimately it did actually end up working well for us. We eventually left that same
day with the exact model car that we wanted for below MSRP in the current crazy market. But it took
five hours and all of my skills to get to that point. Like it sort of reminds me of there's a
show right now on Netflix called Alone, where they put these 10 people on like a remote place.
Right now, I think it's in.
Wilderness in Canada, and they have to survive for 100 days. And the only types of people that
can even go on the show are these like trained survival experts who just for fun will go out
into the woods and survive for 30 days. And when they interview those people and they're like,
why do you want to go on this show? They're like, well, I want to test my skills. I don't want to
just learn these skills and then have nowhere to like execute on my abilities to like hunt a deer
and kill a bear for my actual skills.
Survival because at home, you can always just call your wife, she can pick you up or at any
point you can leave. But on this show, you're stuck there for up to 100 days. And so you're
really putting all those skills that you learn to use. And I sort of felt that way at the dealership
where I was like, man, everything that I've done, everything I've learned, every churning thing I've
done, every like system or workaround I've analyzed, and even my time in Japanese jail,
navigating that unfamiliar environment, all of it.
Right.
Has brought me to this point in time where I'm going to use every skill that I know to get out
of this place with a car that's as close in price as possible to the price that they had agreed to
on the phone five hours earlier. And honestly, I only actually partially succeeded. We ended up
walking out with a car that was $800 more than the price that they told me over the phone.
But I still consider it a win.
Because it was still like $1,000 below MSRP, which just doesn't really happen right now.
And if it wasn't for the fact that it was almost 10pm and we had dogs at home that hadn't had
dinner because we didn't expect to be gone that long, I know I could have gotten that price that
they quoted over the phone, but it would have taken like an extra hour of work and it just
wasn't worth it to us anymore. We were still getting a good deal, but that's how they get you.
They purposely wear you down.
To that point where we just gave them $800 for absolutely no reason. That was $800 of pure
profit. It was 100% margin on them for that $800 and they got it. It took five hours, but they got
it. And if you just think about all the people who walk out of that dealership without investing that
time, the thousands of dollars that people are overpaying at that dealership just blows my mind.
And I understand why they did the thing.
They did because it works. And yeah, I just have never had an experience like that. And
now that I'm talking about it, I'm actually getting pretty worked up just thinking about
that experience. And so I think maybe the next episode I do might be on Carvana and dealerships
and buying and selling a car right now because it's difficult, but I think it can be a lot easier
if you do some things differently. And hopefully my experience saves,
folks, some time and money when they're ready to sell their car or buy a car. But yeah, that was a
bit of a tangent. I know, but it just took up so much of my July that I thought I had to at least
mention it. And yeah, maybe keep an eye out for the next episode if that kind of stuff interests
you. Okay. So getting back to churning, we've got the final tally. So on the bank side of things,
we had Wells Fargo for $3,300. First Tech for $600. Albert for $500 for a
total of $4,400 on banks. Then cash back, just the $58 from Capital One for VRBO. And cell phones,
a couple of referrals for $30 for a total of $4,488 in July. Yeah, absolutely amazing month.
You guys know my goal is roughly $1,000 a month. So getting over $4,000 and just from banks
is crazy. I mean, I should just take a four-month churning vacation, but I probably won't. I've got
some other things.
But yeah, that's it for the recap. As always, there's links and referral codes on the daily
churn podcast.com. Really appreciate it when you guys use one of those. And if anyone wants those
free meal kit codes, just leave me a comment on the site as well. Otherwise, I will catch you guys
next time. Thanks for listening. See ya.
