so i say to him like if you can't get rid of these add-ons i think we're done here like we've got
dogs waiting for us at home and this wasn't what you promised over the phone and i'm just really
disappointed that you guys conduct your business this way and so that is buyer strategy number
five you gotta be prepared to leave and actually mean it because they will sense it if you don't
mean it it is their job to sense whether or not you are ready to leave and we were ready to leave
welcome back to another episode of the daily churn as you may have guessed from the intro
today we are going to continue right where we left off last time back at the car dealership
and getting ready to leave so where do you go from there once salesman two realized that we were
ready to go
go, he tried a new tactic, which is let me get Salesman 1. So if you recall from the previous
episode, there were two salesmen involved. Salesman 1 was the one that I had talked to over
the phone and confirmed all of the pricing. Salesman 2 was the only salesman that we ended
up dealing with once we arrived at the dealership because Salesman 1 was busy. And so we've spent
probably two, three hours with Salesman 2 at this point. And now he's grabbing Salesman 1
and I see them chatting for a while and kind of wondered, what are they chatting about?
And I actually have a theory on that, which I'll get into a little bit later. But Salesman 2 grabs
Salesman 1, the guy that we spoke to over the phone. So he comes over and it's our first time
meeting him. And he's very apologetic about the whole situation. He really lays on the good cop
attitude very thick. And essentially what they've done there is they've just rotated to a new good
cop. And they've just rotated to a new good cop. And they've just rotated to a new good cop.
Because Salesman 2 at this point is tarnished, right? Because we were frustrated with him.
He's already wasted a lot of our time. He's the one that's presented all of these eight add-ons.
And so as much as he still wanted to be the good guy, he knows that his reputation with us at this
point is gone, which is why he tapped in Salesman 1 for a reset. And Salesman 1 says the things
you'd expect him to say. I thought this was the price. I'm really sorry. But the man,
the manager says, we can't sell it for that price. I didn't know that they weren't going to
let me sell it for the price. So the pretty standard strategy is of playing dumb and deferring
blame so that he can remain the new good cop. And at that point, I think it was a choice for us on
whether to reciprocate that or go into like, I don't know, like a full Karen mode. And I typically
try and steer away from Karen mode as much as possible. And so I decided to reciprocate,
you know, and really lean into the buyer strategy number four, which is to hold them
accountable to standards. And so I tell him, we know it's not your fault. You seem like a really
honest, nice guy. I know you wouldn't lie to us, etc. But at the same time, we're also being very
firm that the price that you told us over the phone is what we expect to leave here with.
And so I think this is worthy of its own buyer strategy bullet points
on the list, which is be firm the same way that the dealers have the strategy of being very firm
and saying everything is non-negotiable. On the buyer end, you also need to be firm about what
it is you expect. And also when you say you're going to leave, be firm about it. Don't like
kind of dilly dally and be like, well, you know, if you can't do this price, I think maybe we'll
have to like leave. No, be firm and say that, hey, this is the price you committed to. If you
aren't able to meet it.
We're going to leave. Right. So don't leave ambiguity in it. And so that is buyer strategy
number six. So after a little back and forth of this, salesman one gets up to go talk to the
manager to see what he can do. And as you might have guessed, another half hour goes by while we
wait and we see that salesman one is talking to salesman two. They're chatting for quite a while
and then they go talk to the manager. And eventually he comes back and there are now only
four add-ons left, whereas before there were six. So through this back and forth, we were able to get
another four add-ons removed. And now there were just two big add-ons left, which were the two
two-year protection packages, one for the windshield, one for the interior. And I think
they were both $800 MSRP each. So quite a hefty sum between the two of them. And if we decided
to just walk away with those two, we'd end up with the car at essentially MSRP because the car
is discounted from MSRP. But then with these two protection packages, it ends up negating those
discounts. So the interesting thing here is that price-wise, we were actually pretty down for this
because we started the week after doing all of this research, willing to pay maybe $500 to $800
above MSRP and expecting to wait two months or more for a car. So that was sort of our expectation
when the week started. It wasn't until we found out that the car was discounted from MSRP that we
found this dealership selling a car for below MSRP that it even occurred to us that we could get a
car for below MSRP without having to wait. So even with those two add-ons, it was still clearly a win
for us from a price perspective. And so that's where I think buyer strategy number seven comes
in, which is you should know your price and you should know your limit. Know what you want out of
this deal. Know where the break-even point is for you before you go to the dealership. Because
that's going to help you make better decisions so that you know when you're up or you know when
you're down, kind of like gambling. And also like gambling, if you know you're up and you want to
keep playing, you got to make sure you don't show it. You keep playing as if you haven't met your
price point yet. And so on my end, I still wanted to push things a little further. I felt like there
was still room to get this lower. And at this point, we're pretty familiar with the game. We've
been here for three hours. We've done four. We've done five. We've done six. We've done seven. We've
done four or five of these back and forths. And so yeah, we play along. We act disappointed. We
talk about how disappointed we are with how they're handling all of this. We talk about how
we've got our dogs at home and that we wish they were just up front with us in the beginning versus
making us drive two hours round trip. And at the same time, we're firm. We're like, hey, I know you
guys need to make money, but this price isn't going to work for us. And as we say that, we start
grabbing our phone and our wallet and we shuffle a little bit in the seats. I mean, it really is
all theater, right? And that's where we get to buyer strategy number eight, which is lean into
the theater. Whether you like it or not, it is all just a performance. They're acting. And so you can
choose either to act back or show your cards. And showing your cards usually means the negotiations
over. So again, I know a lot of us aren't that comfortable with the fact that we're not going to
acting. It's not something we do very often unless you're an actor, but it is something that I think
makes a big difference. So you can even just kind of role play with your spouse or a friend before
the dealership or in front of the mirror and just have your game face on and try to think of it more
like poker than like an honest transaction. And so as expected, he makes us a final proposal
because the writing's been on the wall now on what that next offer is.
And it's the one that we were all just gradually moving towards, which is, he says, there's no
promises, but if I could get the manager to remove one of these two add-ons, you'll be happy with the
price. And again, we dilly dally a little bit. I look at my wife, we pretend to debate it because
you got to keep up the act because nothing's final until you sign the thing. And so after a little
bit of that, we concede like, hey, yeah, man, you know, we just want to get home ideally with a car.
If you can do that, then we'll be happy with the price. And then we'll be happy with the price.
Remove it. We'll take it. Otherwise, we're good. We're just going to go home. And so salesman one
gets up and goes again to see the manager. And this time comes back in only 10 minutes. Amazing
how quickly things can happen at certain parts of the deal and how slowly things can happen
in other parts. But he tells me his manager agreed to let the car go with just the one add-on.
And all we need to do is sign it. And we're feeling pretty relieved because it's, I think,
almost 8.30 p.m. now. But the saga is over. Like we won, right? Not quite. You should probably
have figured out by now that nothing at the dealership is quite that easy because what he
brought back was a new invoice sheet that was formatted and styled completely differently.
Like this must be their official one that people sign, whereas the other ones that he's given us
for the last few hours have all just been their negotiation.
So this format is very different, but he assures us that he took off the add-on and
P2, my wife, was ready to sign and salesman one was ready and kind of hovering over us.
But this new format, like it really throws me off and it kind of triggers my Turner Spidey
sense a little bit. You know, I'm mentally pretty exhausted at this point, but something smells off
and I asked him to wait while I bust out my phone calculator just so I can verify
the number.
Totally just kind of a gut reaction to the fact that the final total felt a little bit higher
than it should be. But it's super hard to tell because there's so much going on with this new
invoice sheet. It shows a starting MSRP. It shows the dealer add-on. Then it shows a new MSRP with
the add-on. Then it includes a $500 dealership adjustment fee, which we knew going in because
that also showed up online, but it didn't show up anywhere on the negotiation.
The $500 fee only now just showed up. And if you're not aware what the dealership adjustment
fee is, it literally is just an extra fee that they've tacked on because the market right now
is crazy. They're just like, hey, we can mark up this car an extra $500. And it's pretty rare
to find a car that doesn't have that. So that was on there now, along with title and registration
fees, which are also new on this invoice compared to the previous invoice we've been looking at for
the last three years. So that's a big deal. So that's a big deal. So that's a big deal. So that's a
big deal. So that's a big deal. So that's a big deal. So that's a big deal. So that's a big deal.
Then it has like a final out the door price on the car, but nowhere on this invoice does it show
the $1,500 discount off of MSRP, but the starting MSRP that they do show was lower. So I'm thinking
maybe it's already factored in to the MSRP at the top. Similarly, the $500 discount for getting the
quote online also isn't listed. But again, I'm thinking maybe that's also now part of that
beginning MSRP that they've just taken it off without mentioning it anywhere. And I'm not gonna
lie, it was a lot to digest after already spending that much time at the dealership. And there was
definitely pressure to sign and be done with it because they'd already closed. They closed at 8pm.
So we were now one of the last tables there. My wife was ready to go home. The salesman clearly
wanted to be done as well. And even though I knew I was doing math as slow as like a fourth grader,
I was like, you know, what's another 10 minutes here while I slowly add up these numbers.
And what made it even harder was I didn't have my printouts that I brought because I'd given it to
salesman two who had shown it to his manager and they never returned them. And so I'm also on my
phone trying to pull up the email that I used for the printouts so I could show him the discounts
that were supposed to be on the price. And honestly, it's just not as effective.
Pulling that stuff up on a phone. It's like kind of a small screen. It's harder to see the numbers
break down. I'm trying to track down the email. And then it's harder to show the salesman like
you show him a phone and then your phone goes to sleep after 10-15 seconds. Now you have to go
unlock your phone. It really added some logistical hurdles, you know, and I really wished I'd printed
out multiple copies so that I'd have a backup. But luckily, after what felt like a really long time,
I was finished with the calculations on my phone.
And I was right. The $500 eQuote discount was completely gone. So they did reduce the MSRP by
$1,500 even though it didn't show a line item, but it didn't include the extra $500 from the
eQuote. And they definitely tried to just slip that past us at the very last minute.
And so that's sort of where we get a dealer and a buyer strategy. So dealer strategy number eight
is never stop trying to extract more money.
And so that's sort of where we get a dealer and a buyer strategy. So dealer strategy number eight
is never stop trying to extract more money. And so that's sort of where we get a dealer and a buyer
every stage of the process is an opportunity to get more money. And so the buyer strategy number
nine here is never let your guard down, especially at the end when you're tired and you think you've
won. You've got to keep your guard up because they're going to keep throwing things at you
to try and get more money. And for a split second there, it almost worked.
We were one poor decision away from donating $500 to the dealership,
for no reason. So having figured out that it was missing that discount,
I tell Salesman 1 to add that back and that the manager has our printouts that show that there
should be a $500 discount and that it was one of the first things I told Salesman 2 about when we
came in. And at the same time, I'm kind of acting the part of the disapproving adult where we're
like, hey, we see what you did there and you should be very ashamed of yourself kind of a look,
because it is all theater. And we actually,
we got quite lucky here because they actually found the printouts and had them versus saying
that they'd lost the printouts, which I'm actually quite surprised they didn't try and pull that of
just being like, hey, I don't know what happened to the printouts. I don't see this discount that
you're talking about, which would have been a whole nother headache. And maybe they were just
getting tired too, and they wanted to close the dealership down. But anyways, we see Salesman 1
speaking to Salesman 2 for a long time, just looking at these printouts. And then they both
go, I don't know what happened to the printouts. I don't know what happened to the printouts. I don't
know what happened to the printouts. And then they both go to speak to the manager. And after I
think 15-ish minutes, so things are getting speedier here at the dealership. Salesman 1 comes back
looking kind of gruff, like a little standoffish, very different from the super extra genial nice
guy that he was trying to present just like an hour earlier. And he gives us the new invoice
without saying a word. He just puts it in front of us. And I see that the MSRP is now $500 lower.
So quick pop quiz, why do
we think that Salesman 1 is unhappy? My guess is that the $500 that he just discounted might
have come out of his commission. Because he was either grumpy because he was trying to pull a
fast one and kind of disappointed that it didn't work. Or he genuinely forgot or didn't know about
that $500 e-quote discount, because we'd only been talking to Salesman 2 about it at this point.
And at this stage in the negotiation, the add-ons were closed.
We've moved past that stage. So he had run out of levers to make up for that $500 by adding more
add-ons. We're past that now, which is something we'll talk about a little bit later too, when we
talk about just general advice when visiting a dealership, where dealers have many different
levers they can use to screw you. And so the less information you give them, the less levers they
have. And that's really applicable for things like financing and trade-ins, but we'll get into that
in a little bit.
But my theory is that he hadn't seen these printouts personally until now. He didn't
realize we had such irrefutable proof on hand, right? Because these printouts were very explicit
listing the discounts. He works at AutoNation. He can't refute the discounts from AutoNation.com.
And so paper really matters here. And so expanding on that buyer strategy,
number one of documenting and printing everything, I would highly recommend
bringing backup.
Paper backups. Because I don't think we would have gotten that extra $500 if they had said,
oh, I lost the paper, or if we didn't have that paper printout to begin with.
So print everything, print prices that you see elsewhere, print quotes from their site,
print Carvana prices, print email messages, as much documentation as you can, and then make a
copy so that when you give it to them, you still have a copy on hand. So we're looking at the
updated final invoice from Salesman 1.
And things are looking good. Everything matches. We have that extra add-on, but we've accepted it
because we're still getting the price below MSRP. It's now 9pm and price negotiations are done.
And we sign the final invoice and we're like, all right, let's get the car. Let's go home.
Nope. We are not yet done because now we move into the next round where we have to wait for
the financing guy. But we are financing. We're paying cash.
Well, you still need to see the financing guy. So we wait for the financing guy and we wait for
probably another 20 or so minutes. And a guy in a crisp white shirt comes over because I think that
is their financing guy uniform. Like all the salesmen are just in a polo tee, whereas the
financing guys are in a buttoned down white shirt. And we tell him we really need to get home now.
And he says, you'll try and get through this as fast as possible.
And we're like, okay, let's do it. And he's like, okay, let's do it. And we're like, okay, let's do it.
What is there even left to do? And by now it's, I think, 9.30 PM and he was off work like an hour
and a half ago. And he has pictures of his dogs too in his little office. And he knows we're in
a rush. And to his credit, it only took us 30 minutes with him instead of what would have taken
one to two hours. And you might be wondering, well, what even took 30 minutes? Because it
wasn't signing the paperwork. Signing the paperwork took about five minutes. He printed it
and then we signed it and we were done.
What was the other 25 minutes? Well, he literally had a sheet of 20 different other add-ons that he
was required to ask if we wanted. And he had to initial on each of them saying that he offered
them to us and we declined them. So definitely a checklist from upper management being like,
hey, you need to make sure you try and upsell the customer on every single one of these 20.
And I want to make sure you did it by making the customer sign that they don't want each of them.
So absolutely.
And the kind of things on there were like extended warranties, extended maintenance,
various insurances like tire insurance, tire protection, battery replacement insurance,
paint insurance for scratches, more windshield insurance options. So many different iterations
and we declined them all. And he didn't try to explain each one of them or try and convince us
why we needed each one of them. And I definitely get the feeling that the usual process that they
do is explain each one of them. And he didn't try to explain each one of them or try and convince
one of these individually and try and tell you why it's a great deal. That said, despite him saying
that like, hey, I'll get through this as fast as I can and being pretty good about just signing off
on everything on that add-on sheet, he did still give it a try because dealer strategy number eight
was never stop trying. And so he asks us like, just for my own information, why don't you want
any of these insurances? And I'm like, hey, you know, it's cheaper for me to do my own repairs
than to have a maintenance plan or to insure the tires, et cetera. And then he's like, you know,
I do my own repairs too, but here's why I still get these insurances. Because sometimes I forget,
I forget to change my battery or forget to like do this oil change. And then it ends up costing
me money in the long run. And he kind of goes into a spiel of why, even though he can do his
own repairs, he still pays for dealer insurance. And at that point I was just ready to end this.
And I'm like, hey, you know, I'm, I'm from Europe.
I'm from the UK. Over in Europe, we don't believe in insurance. We don't believe in
extended warranties, which is true. Like extended warranties and insurance is very much an American
thing. You will not get somebody in Europe to buy an extended warranty on their TV. They'll just be
like, why would I pay you extra? I'll take good care of my TV. And if it breaks, I'll either fix
it or buy a new TV. I'm not going to give you $200 right now in case I break my TV. So I tell
him that and I tell him that.
Like the reason your dealership sells these is because it makes the dealership money.
If these insurance packages actually saved the buyer money, then the dealership wouldn't sell
them because it would cost dealership money. And at that point, I think he kind of sensed that
we were very much done with this dealership and him. And I felt like he could have actually
pushed harder if it wasn't almost 10 PM now. And yeah, he, he sort of just, I guess,
let us off easy by only spending 20,
25 minutes on the sales pitch because I guess quick segue to explain just the structure of a
car dealership, which is that it's essentially the three circles of dealership health, right?
Which is you have car sales, then you have trade-ins, then you have financing. And so we
were extremely lucky because at this point, the four hours that we spent were just in the first
circle of health, right? Just with car sales. If we had trade-ins and had to go into this,
second circle of hell, man, there was a family across from us that was just absolutely getting
bent over on their trade-in price. They were negotiating their trade-in price for as long
as we were doing our sales price. The whole time we're at that table, they were at the table next
to us arguing about their trade-in price. And honestly, I'm not sure what happened to them.
Hopefully they left in one piece and got the car or got their trade-in done. I kind of doubt it
though, because their salesman,
brought over the trade-in guy to the table and they were just having this lengthy debate about
the value of the car that they were trading in. And the dealership trade-in guy was going to great
lengths to justify why their car wasn't worth as much as the price that they wanted. The guy at
one point even left to quote unquote, check Carvana for 45 minutes. And he ended up coming
back with even more BS about why the Carvana prices were inflated. He's like, hey,
the car that you have isn't a four-wheel drive. All the ones I see of your model on Carvana has a
four-wheel drive. Yours is in a color that people don't really want. The ones on Carvana are the
more in-demand colors. And of course the family didn't bring a laptop or printouts. So they had
no way to really disprove anything that the trade-in guy was saying. And so things were
actually kind of getting quite heated in that table because it was like a mom, a dad, and then
I think their two sons.
And they were older and then a couple kids. It was a whole family. And the trade-in guy was
definitely trying to just bulldoze them into a lower trade-in value. And the family was arguing
back, but they didn't have any proof to substantiate anything, right? It's just one person's word
against another. And they were taking more of the, I guess, the Karen route rather than being
tactful with their negotiations. And so it was getting heated and I didn't see them make much
progress, but they were there.
Very long time. And so TLDR, buyer strategy number 10, do not trade in your car at the
dealership. Sell your car elsewhere first, because unless you're a masochist, it is not worth the
extra three, four hours of negotiating at the dealership for a crappy trade-in price, because
the dealer won't give you a price that's better than private parties or Carvana, right? They have
to make money. And so if for some reason you do have to do it at the dealership, then you're
going to have to do it at the dealership. Just don't, just don't do it at the dealership. You can
get a better price elsewhere, especially now with all of these online options like Carvana
offering these inflated prices. Similarly with financing, financing is the third circle of hell,
like buyer strategy number 11, don't get financing at a dealership. Like trade-ins,
the dealer makes money from financing. So you will get a better interest rate from your bank
or your credit.
And you will spend hours negotiating your interest rate and your down payment and your monthly
payments if you decide to do it at the dealership instead. So why torture yourself at the dealership?
Why spend two, three extra hours negotiating financing when you can just go to your credit
union and figure it out ahead of time? Dealers are not going to give you a better deal. Their
goal is to make money from financing. So after witnessing all of these circles of hell at the
dealership, we were very glad to have only had to spend time really in one of them, although the
financing guy was able to still suck away like 30 minutes of our time. But in the end, we were done
with him too. And we signed off on all the paperwork and yeah, we were basically done other
than having to come back tomorrow and give him a cashier's check and pick up the car. And at this
point it was, I think just past 10 PM and we were both completely spent. We head out of the dealership
and both salesmen.
Who've stayed behind very congenially shake both of our hands on the way out and smile and
congratulate us on the purchase. Like they didn't just spend five hours trying to fuck us over
because they're psychopaths. And yeah, that was the end of our dealership saga. And we'd walked
away with the car. So the question that I asked myself and my wife on the long drive home was like,
was that a win? Like, did we, did we win? Cause it, I think on paper we may have won, but it also
didn't.
It doesn't feel like we won. And I guess this sort of depends on how you look at it. Honestly,
I think there's quite a few things that I would do differently. Like this whole car dealership
experience is kind of blowing up on Reddit recently. Like I've seen at least two different
posts make the front page of Reddit about dealerships and car buying, because it is really
kind of a hot topic right now because so many people now are having to go to a dealership for
the first time because the price of the dealership.
Is better than buying used sometimes. And they're experiencing this craziness. And there's a lot of
people providing feedback on things that they do or things that have worked for them. And there
are a couple of pretty, pretty interesting ones. And they're both variations on buyer strategy
number five, which was be prepared to leave and mean it. The first one of those is kind of an
extreme hardball version of being prepared to leave, which is that you show up at a dealership
with very hard limits. Like,
this is my price and this is how much time I have. So I want a car for $30,000 and I want this deal
done in 30 minutes. If I don't have either of those completed, I will leave. And yeah, these
are from real comments of people having like fathers who've gone to dealerships who have done
this and have left with a car. And it is a little bit tougher in today's environment because you
lack some of that leverage given how much demand there is. Like, okay, well, if you leave, someone
else will take the car. But at the same time, you're not going to be able to leave. And so
being able to complete a deal in 30 minutes is to everyone's advantage, right? The salesman didn't
have to invest five, six hours with you. And if they had a car on hand that they wanted to sell
that wasn't spoken for, they might still go for it. But the key with this strategy is that you
really do need to be ready to leave and be ready to not get your car. Like some dealerships will
just be like, no, we're good. And so you have to be willing to go to multiple dealerships.
And also you kind of need a thick skin, right? Like you,
you need to be ready for some of the scowls and the looks you might get from the various salesmen
or managers because they don't like to be the ones on the receiving end of like a hardball
negotiation like that. You also have to be pretty flexible with what you want. You can't go in there
and be like, I want the orange Toyota Tundra with these packages for this price. You know,
it's more like I have $30,000. Show me what I can get for $30,000 in the next 30 minutes.
And so that's, that's one option. You know, I don't know if I have like, uh, for lack of a better
term, the balls to do that, to just go into a dealership and demand it. But maybe that could
be a good, a good learning experience to try, but the softer approach than that, which could still
be quite effective is to bail. If they pull any tricks, like if they are taking too long, which
in our case, sometimes they'd leave us alone for almost an hour. You tell them I'm leaving in 30
minutes, or if they show you,
add-ons like eight add-ons, you tell them this is the price or I'm leaving now. So you essentially
eliminate that back and forth where they dilly dally to their manager and they take off two
add-ons and they go back and then they take off two more. You can cut that off early. And the
key here is to actually leave. So if you say I'm leaving, if this isn't done in 30 minutes,
or I'm leaving, if these add-ons aren't all taken off and he comes back with still four add-ons,
your next step here is,
to actually leave. So stop the negotiation game completely, no more back and forths and just leave,
just walk out and actually walk out. And the beautiful thing here with this strategy is that
if they did really want to get you to that final price that you wanted or remove the add-ons that
you wanted, their salesman or their manager, or even their GM will call you after you leave.
Like your phone will blow up because again, the most powerful tactic you have is to leave. And so
when you actually leave, not just threaten to leave, that's how they know for sure that you're
serious and they'll do everything they can in their power to bring you back. And in hindsight,
this really is a strategy that I wish we did earlier. So instead of the back and forth
negotiations, which can and did work for us, I would have just cut that off and not have spent
five hours. It could have taken an hour or two where we just left and then we waited for them
to call us back. So that was my learning from reading this.
I really enjoyed reading other people's comments on Reddit about car buying, but there was also
another new idea that I had just kind of reflecting on our experience at the dealership that I haven't
really seen anyone talk about anywhere else. And obviously it's untested, but this might be
something that I try doing in the future too, if we run into another auto nation type dealership.
So the new idea I had is sort of an expansion on buyer strategy number one of documenting and
printing everything.
So I had a new idea that I had is sort of an expansion on buyer strategy number one of
documenting and printing everything, which is not just a strategy, but it's also a strategy
document everything beforehand and bring all the printouts, et cetera, but document all the
bullshit that's happening during your visit. Take pictures of the invoice sheets that they
keep bringing you with these crazy add-ons and tell them you'll be posting all of this on Yelp
or Google and tell them you'll be letting the GM know that their salespeople have been lying to
you this whole time. Tell them you'll be reporting them to the dealership association, especially if
you have proof.
Like an online printout of the price. Yeah. Get the names of the salespeople who committed to that
price and tell them that you'll be publicly posting the fact that they're lying to you right
now and essentially committing fraud by falsely advertising a price to get you in that they're
now pretending isn't valid. And if you want to take it a step even further, take pictures of
the salesman, take video of them, you know, and say that you're going to post this whole experience
on TikTok or Instagram, because that kind of thing matters to me.
It matters to people where they still have to protect their reputation online. Right. And it's
the classic under the flashlight, the cockroaches will scurry away. Right. And I kind of wish we
took pictures of the various iterations of the add-on sheet that they kept showing us. It would
have been fun to look over. And so, yeah, this is kind of a different approach on the hardball
strategy where now you're just like, I'm going to take all of this public. Right. And it will
get awkward.
I'm sure. So you would have to be prepared for that. But I could see it really working because
especially nowadays, you've got like GMs of dealerships responding to Google reviews that
are like one or two stars being like, really sorry that happened. Please reach out because
you got to remember to like the managers and the general manager of the dealership. They're all
definitely in on the scam. Like the bullshit that happens comes from the top down. It's 100%
a toxic culture that's being perpetuated. And so I think that's a really good approach.
I mean, the GMs are perpetuated from the general manager all the way down, but they can't own it.
Like they can't actually publicly acknowledge that they're scamming people. And so if you post all of
this publicly, the GM at least has to pretend like he's a decent human being and help you out. And so
they want to avoid the kinds of scandals that could result, especially given that they know
people check Google reviews and TikTok and Instagram and all of that stuff now,
when they visit a dealership. And so, yeah, that's something that I've been kind of mulling
over. And I wonder how that would have worked if we tried that next time we go to an auto nation.
So if you've tried that before and had success or it blew up in your face, definitely leave a
comment and let me know. But this kind of leads us into the final buyer strategy that I'll share,
which is avoid big franchises and chains. Because with these big franchises like AutoNation,
there is zero chance that you're going to be able to get a deal with them. And so I think that's
accountability. It's not that manager's name on the sign. It's AutoNation. You can shit on
AutoNation. And at the end of the day, it's a corporation. People have been shitting on
McDonald's for decades, but we all still get McDonald's, right? And so these big franchises,
because of the lack of transparency and accountability, it really breeds the worst
kinds of sales behavior. Because volume is all that matters to AutoNation. Commission
is all that matters to their salespeople. You as an individual do not matter other than the fact
that you bring in sales and profits for them. Whereas if you go to Benjamin Franklin's
dealership, he cares what you're saying about him. The terrible tactics that they employ
will reflect on him. And so going for the smaller local dealerships may get you better results,
especially if you want to employ the tactic of, hey, I'm going to document everything you're
doing to me here publicly. And maybe at the end of the day, it's possible that not all of these
big franchises are as bad as this particular AutoNation was. And I could see that being true
in the sense that my theory for why we got worked extra hard at this AutoNation was because we had
two different salesmen. So Salesman 1 and Salesman 2 were likely splitting the commission.
And Salesman 1, maybe?
Would have actually sold the car for the price that he confirmed on the phone. Like if we were
to give him the benefit of the doubt, maybe he was going to sell us the car for that price.
But because he was busy with another customer, he enlisted Salesman 2. And to enlist another
salesman to do work for you, well, you've got to split commission with them, right? And maybe
Salesman 1 told him, hey, whatever extra that you can get from them via add-ons is yours,
which would explain why Salesman 2...
Salesman 2 threw on eight extra add-ons. He was like, I got to make this worth my time. Let's see
how many of these I can make stick. And it sort of also explains why they had such a lengthy
discussion with each other near the end of the negotiation, because they were probably negotiating
with each other on how to structure the commission with these add-ons getting removed. And it kind of
explains why they really fought to at least keep one add-on on there so that Salesman 2 at least
gets something for its time. And it sort of explains why they had such a lengthy discussion
with each other near the end of the negotiation. And it sort of explains why they really fought to
keep one add-on on there so that Salesman 2 at least gets something for its time, rather than
eating into Salesman 1's base commission for selling the car. So that's sort of my theory.
But it's overall just a messed up system, right? Because it is all commissions-based. And honestly,
I'm seriously also considering in the future, maybe getting a Tesla just to avoid all of this.
If I have to buy another car, maybe it is a Tesla because there is no negotiation, right? Tesla is
the manufacturer and the salesperson. It's like buying something on Amazon. The price you see is
the price you get. And if you buy another car, maybe it is the price you get. And if you buy another
car, maybe it is the price you get. And after all of this, kind of just circling back to a question
that I asked in the previous episode, which is how do they get away with all of this? How does
this auto-nation that I went to still have over 1,000 four-star reviews on Google? And I was
seriously perplexed because part of the reason why we went to this auto-nation was because we're
like, oh, the reviews are pretty good on Google. But I didn't really dive in or dig into what the
reviews were. And I didn't really dive in or dig into what the reviews were. And I didn't really
from skimming some of the recent ones, my guess is that most people going to this auto-nation
are getting robbed blind and they don't know or they don't care. Because if you didn't care about
getting the best deal, these are all very nice people. It was a very nice facility and everyone
was extremely friendly. The one-star reviews though are where you kind of see some of the
truth of what we experienced, which are people saying like, oh yeah, I got worked over in the
financing room. They doubled my monthly payment with all of these add-ons they added. And I didn't
realize how bad it was until I got home. Or someone else being like, yeah, I wish I sold my
trade in elsewhere first because I got a terrible price for it. Even someone being like, the online
quote doesn't match what they charged me when I got there. All of those things we witnessed
firsthand. And it's the norm, not the exception, but only if you're paying attention. And I think
part of it has to do with the fact that Americans are...
Are so unfamiliar with this kind of blatant lie to your face scamming, where the person is being
extremely nice, but also extremely deceptive. And so it's almost like robbing a baby. If you're not
expecting it and you don't know it happened, everyone's still happy at the end. And I think
we live in this bubble where the people we know are the kind of people that listen to this podcast
or the kind of people that complain about dealerships on Reddit. But
that isn't most people. And you guys know this from churning, which is that our bubble makes
money off of credit card companies rather than credit card companies making money off of us.
The people that carry a balance and pay 20% interest are the ones who fund our credit card
bonuses. And so that's most people. And most people will love how nice everyone is at the
auto nation. They'll love the massive selection of cars. They'll love they're able to get the color
model they wanted in this crazy car economy. You know, they loved that auto nation delivered the
car to their home the next day, which actually happened. There was a Google review where someone
posted a picture with the auto nation sales agent who delivered the car. And they don't really focus
as much on the details, right? What's another few thousand dollars when you're already paying
30, 40, 50 grand? Maybe that extended warranty and extended maintenance. Yeah, maybe that does
sound.
Kind of useful. Like, yeah, I did crack my windshield that one time driving up the mountain.
Maybe I should get the two year windshield protection. Like I want to keep this car
for a while. So the interior protection package kind of makes sense, right? Like unlimited battery
and tire replacement for 10 years. I mean, I don't know how to change the battery or the tires. So
maybe I should get that. And before you know it, you end up with a car with more toppings than
there is ice cream and you're feeling pretty good.
You know, you're running on a sugar high as you open up Google and you give them four stars and
you're like, thanks for all the toppings, auto nation. I do love me some toppings. But at the
end of the day, I've at this point, you know, a month or two later, I've made peace with the
process and it cost us five hours and a small part of my soul. But at the same time, I'm kind
of grateful that I learned about the arguably greatest American scam that exists in broad daylight
because it really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really,
was a master class in negotiation. Like some people pay five, $10,000 for a class on precisely
this, how to negotiate effectively. And you can just go to a dealership for free and do it anytime.
And really, that might be the best way to negotiate for a car, which is when you don't
want a car. You know, you've got people taking Toastmasters and other things for like public
speaking practice, et cetera. I would just say if you want to get better at negotiation,
which is generally useful for all of life, take a day and go to a dealership. I guarantee you,
if you do that, you will never have any anxiety again about asking for an upgrade at a hotel
during check-in. So kind of a win there. And there are a lot of things that we would have
done differently, but hopefully after listening to this episode, you'll be able to. And yeah,
that's it, folks. Thanks for sticking with me for these past two episodes. Hopefully it was
helpful or useful, or at least it was helpful to you. And I'll see you in the next one.
Interesting. And I'm going to update the list of strategies and maybe add some
fuller descriptions on the site at thedailychurnpodcast.com. So the next time you go
to a dealership, you can just review that list and get fully prepped and put yourself in the
right mindset ahead of time. If you liked this episode and want to get updated on when the next
one comes out, be sure to sign up for the newsletter on the site as well. I also send
out summaries of these episodes via email. Otherwise, I will catch you guys next time.
Thanks for listening.
