because my strategy with brokerages is that it's money that's sitting around anyway in stocks and
so every year i'll move from one brokerage to another brokerage in order to get the new
brokerage bonus so i've moved around quite a bit and in the case of this public bonus
i actually did two partial acats transfers to qualify for the hundred thousand dollars
hey everyone welcome to episode 34 of the daily churn today i thought i'd try something a little
bit different which is instead of waiting until the monthly recap to cover all of the accounts
that i'm currently churning i thought i'd do a dedicated shorter episode on just one of the
bonuses i'm currently working on which sort of is what i used to actually do in the past
like early on in the podcast the episodes were just focused on one thing like the first one was
on hm bradley there was one on interactive brokers and i've sort of migrated towards
longer recap episodes but i had some extra time this weekend so i figured i'd sit down
and record a shorter episode on public public brokerage because they have a really really
amazing bonus right now it's probably the best brokerage bonus that i've ever seen and it's
gone really smoothly for me so far so i wanted a little bit of time to do a little bit of
share it with you guys before it expires at the end of the year and give you plenty of time to
start the process of getting this bonus because it is a brokerage bonus which involves a little
bit more effort than your regular bank bonus but i think the massive payout makes this very very
worth it and so i'll walk you guys through the steps that i did to qualify for the bonus as well
as some of the questions that i had submitted to support and so hopefully by the end of this it
should be a pretty smooth process before we dive in just a quick
reminder that if you haven't subscribed to my channel yet please do so by clicking the bell
that you can follow along on all of these churns that i do on the daily churn podcast.com
slash tracker which will take you to the live tracker where i post the new churns i do along
with notes and data points about these churns and so recently i put the public one on there i think
yesterday or the day before and you'll also get access to the newsletter which notifies you when
one of these new episodes come out along with show notes and links so definitely recommend
subscribing if you haven't already but for now let's get back to public
what makes the public bonus so amazing and worth doing a dedicated episode on is that it's just so
much higher than any other brokerage bonus out there so it's tiered depending on how much money
you transfer in at the $25,000 tier you get a $500 bonus and at the $100,000 tier you get a
$2,000 bonus to put that into perspective that's double the amount that interactive brokers is
offering which prior to this was the best brokerage bonus so interactive
brokers is offering the best brokerage bonus so interactive brokers is offering the best brokerage bonus
gives you $1,000 of interactive broker stock if you deposit $100,000 if you deposit $50,000 you get
$500 of ib stock so it's tiered that way but with public for depositing $100,000 you get $2,000 so
double what interactive brokers is offering and actually quadruple what charles schwab is offering
so charles schwab offers $500 for depositing $100,000 as someone who's done both the interactive
brokers bonus for the interactive brokers bonus and the interactive brokers bonus for the interactive
brokers bonus and the interactive brokers bonus for both p1 and p2 as well as the charles schwab bonus
for p1 and p2 i'm super excited about this public one because it is just worth so much more and the
thing i love about brokerage bonuses is that the money that you transfer over to the new brokerage
are in the form of assets that you already hold in stocks or bonds and so that money is already
invested and earning money but it's not making any additional money just by being at your existing
brokerage so just by moving those assets over to the new brokerage you can transfer that money to
that bank and get back your old abroad funds in a very cheap way you're going to be paid out in this
case a very large bonus for stocks and assets that were just sitting around anyway at your old
brokerage whereas with bank bonuses and moving cash around there is an opportunity cost for you
to move your cash from one bank to another because it's earning interest at your prior bank and now
moving to a new bank maybe the new bank doesn't pay any interest you're just doing it for the
bonus so you kind of have to figure out if that's a good move or not in the case of stocks you're
and brokerage bonuses, you don't have to sell those stocks. You literally just transfer them
over. And the process you use to transfer them over is called an ACATS process, which I think
stands for Automated Customer Account Transfer Service. So it's essentially the stock version
of an ACH direct deposit transfer. And typically doing an ACATS transfer is kind of a pain in the
ass depending on which brokerage you're initiating and transferring to. It often involves forms where
you have to enter all kinds of obscure information like the address of the brokerage that you're
transferring from, the DTC number of both the sending brokerage and the receiving brokerage.
So it's a bit of a convoluted process compared to the ACH transfer process. And in fact,
that Interactive Brokers episode I did, I think half of that episode was just me walking through
how to do an ACATS.
Transfer through the Interactive Brokers interface. However, with Public, they've made it
really, really simple. For those that haven't used Public before, it's a app bank. So it's only on
your phone. And the app is pretty nice to use. I think a lot of us ended up on Public from a
previous churn where you're able to fund your public account with up to $5,000 using a credit
card. That has since died when PayPal Key died. But that's sort of why I think many of us do have
Public.
And I haven't really used Public outside of getting that free 5K of MS. But one thing they've
done really well with this new promo is that the transfer process is all done inside the app. And
they've updated the app to really support this ACATS process very well. They have a list of,
I think, 12 or so brokerages that they support natively to do the ACATS process. I think there's
Robin Hood, Fidelity, Charles Schwab, etc. You can look on the website.
You can look on the Public app to see that full list. But if you have one of those brokerages,
the ACATS transfer only ends up taking a couple minutes to fill out the info. You just say what
stocks you want to transfer over, your account balance at the other company. And they seem to
have a way where they're able to validate and pull all the information that's needed instead
of you filling out like a three-page form and sending it in by mail, which is what some
brokerages require. If you have a brokerage that isn't on their natively supported app,
so in my case, Interactive Brokers is not on that list, you can still start the transfer.
The only difference is that you need to upload a copy of your latest statement.
This is, however, where things get a little less smooth than I'd like it to be because with
Interactive Brokers, the app automatically rejected my ACATS transfer request. And so I
reached out to Public Support who were very, very responsive. And they ended up just sending me a
DocuSign with pretty much all of the...
Important information filled out like the address of the sending broker and their DTC number and
stuff. The only thing I had to fill in was how many stocks I wanted to move over as well as sign
it. And so it was a pretty smooth process despite having to do it manually through support. My guess
for why support right now is just so good at Public is that they are, I think, very heavily
promoting this transfer bonus. When I'm scrolling Reddit, the Public Transfer Bonus ad shows up
constantly in my...
Feed as well as on DOC. I think they've got the CTO or CFO, one of the higher ups in the company
responding to comments on DOC about this specific bonus. And I'll link to that thread in the show
notes as well so you can see, but they're being very supportive. So it seems like they're pushing
really hard to get as many accounts transferred into Public by the end of the year, which is when
the promo expires. And that's good for us because it is one of the smoothest ACATS transfers I've
ever done. I also initiated one in the app from Charles Schwab, which is one of their natively
supported transfers. And that was handled entirely in the app and only took a couple minutes for me
to fill out all the info. So really just very impressed with the process. And I've done a lot
of brokerage transfers because my strategy with brokerages is that it's money that's sitting
around anyway in stocks. And so every year I'll move from one brokerage to another brokerage in
order to get the new brokerage bonus.
So I've moved around quite a bit. And in the case of this Public bonus, I actually did two
partial ACATS transfers to qualify for the $100,000 tier. That was a question that I had when I was
researching this bonus and I didn't see answered anywhere was whether it had to be one single
ACATS transfer that qualifies you for a tier, or can you do multiple ACATS transfers? And so I'd
reached out to support and they answered, yep, multiple is fine as long as they come in before
the deadline of December 31st.
They'll just tally your transfers and figure out the tier that you qualify for that way.
Additionally, partial ACATS transfers are totally supported as well. And the benefit of doing a
partial transfer versus a full account transfer is that when you do a full account transfer,
your ascending brokerage will close down your account. So in my case, I wanted to keep my
Charles Schwab and my Interactive Brokers accounts open. With Charles Schwab, I was like, maybe I
want to apply for the Charles Schwab Amex Platinum in the future. And with Interactive Brokers,
I'm like, maybe I have some referrals coming in. So I didn't want IB to close my IB account.
So I did a partial transfer from both and public will cover the cost of either type of transfer,
whether it's a full account transfer or a partial, public will reimburse you for the fee that your
ascending brokerage will charge. And they'll charge you different amounts depending on
whether you're doing a full or a partial because of the full, they close it down. And I think it
usually ends up being a higher fee than when you do a partial where you just take out, let's say,
100 of the stocks and you leave 100 there. There's a different fee associated with doing that.
But either way, public reimburses you. So on your end, it doesn't really matter if you transfer from
10 different brokerages or transfer from one, as long as the end total that arrives qualifies for
the tier that you're going for. In terms of tier qualification, it is based on the value of the
stocks and cash that you transfer when it arrives into your account. So if your assets have decreased
in value, you can transfer it to your account. So if your assets have decreased in value, you can
transfer it to your account. So if your assets have decreased in value by, let's say, 10% by the time
it arrives in public because the market is swinging like crazy right now, then you may not qualify for
the tier that you're going for if that 10% causes you to drop into a lower tier. So that's where
it's kind of important to over-transfer. So transfer more than you think is needed for that
tier. And I kind of just went with between 5% to 10% extra to provide that buffer in case stocks
drop 5% to 10% during that time while you're transferring.
Another interesting way to add a buffer if the account that you're transferring from
doesn't have enough money to cover an extra 5% or 10%, or if you're trying to qualify for a higher
tier and your total assets don't equal that higher tier, you can also transfer in cash,
whether it's through a full transfer or a partial transfer. And that can be a good option for a lot
of folks. It's something I did for P2 where I didn't want to put another $5,000 into the market,
but I also didn't have enough funds,
to qualify for that $100,000 tier. So I just added another $5,000 in cash to the brokerage
account and then transferred that over as part of the ACAT's transfer over to Public. And I
confirmed with Public that on their end, they don't care whether your assets arrive as cash
or arrive as stocks when it comes to qualifying for the bonus and the tier that you're going for.
All assets that come over during ACAT's will count, including cash. Of course,
if you're adding cash to your account,
it sort of becomes like a bank bonus almost. So I wouldn't necessarily do it unless you're
pretty close to another tier. Because if you're pretty far from another tier and you transfer,
let's say, $50,000 in cash over, that $50,000 could be used towards other bank bonuses that
you could be doing that may have cumulatively a higher payout than what Public is offering.
But Public is unique because they're offering this on a brokerage transfer of assets. And so assets
like stocks are usually things that aren't
making you money other than being invested in the market. So that's sort of where the
value proposition of this public bonus comes in versus it being like, let's transfer $100,000
of cash from one brokerage into public, which you actually technically could do by doing the
ACAS transfer. But your return at that point becomes a $2,000 bonus for $100,000 of cash,
which isn't terrible, but with interest rates where they are, isn't amazing either.
Because with public, you do need to leave the funds that you transferred over there
for six months. That's their holding period. So if you transferred $100,000 of cash and you left
it there for six months and you get the $2,000 bonus, that basically equates to like a 4%
annual interest rate on your $100,000, which is like, okay, but also not super amazing.
Whereas if you transferred $100,000 worth of stocks, that stock is making or these days
losing money in the market.
And you're going to make a $2,000 bonus on top. Another thing worth mentioning with public
transfers is that joint accounts will not work. Public only supports individual accounts right
now. So if you have a joint account somewhere else and you want to transfer over to public,
you can't do that natively. The way you would do that is with your sending brokerage,
you would open an individual account there and transfer from the joint into the individual,
and then transfer from that individual over to public. And that can be
super easy or impossible depending on the brokerage that you have. So with Charles Schwab,
you can just open an individual account in a couple minutes and just move money from the
joint over to your individual. With Chase Uinvest, it's an entirely new application.
So you'd have to reopen an entirely new Chase Uinvest account in order to get an individual
account if you had a joint one, which is what we currently have. So Chase sadly wasn't an option
for us. And it's sort of why I'm kind of cobbling together funds.
From like IB and Charles Schwab to try and get to that 100k tier. And I did reach out to public
and ask them about the joint accounts as well. And you know, I got the generic reply of it's
something we're working on. I know people want it, but most likely it's not going to be supported
before this bonus ends. So I think that's it. I think I covered everything I wanted to say about
the public account. I think if you can go for the $100,000 tier and get 2k, amazing. If you can get
the $25,000 tier and make money, you're going to be able to get a lot of money. So I think that's
$500, still really good. The $5,000 tier where you make $150 is less exciting because there's
often bank bonuses too, where you can get a couple hundred dollars for depositing $5,000 of cash.
But in this case, it is stocks that you wouldn't be able to usually qualify for a bonus on
anyway. So even that 5k tier could be worth it as well. But yeah, check it out and see what you
can move over. I believe this bonus goes through the end of December of 2022, unless they extend
it. So make sure you get the transfers in with at least a few weeks buffer before that, because it
can take a couple of weeks for the transfer to process. My assets just showed up yesterday and
I think I initiated it like the week before. So it only took a week, which is pretty good,
but your mileage may vary. All right. I think that's it for this episode, guys. I'm not used
to these endings so quickly now. So let me know in the comments what you thought of it though. If
the shorter dedicated one that comes out a bit more timely was interesting, or if you just prefer
a big round of money, I'd love to hear from you in the comments. And if you have any questions,
at the end of the month, let me know. I'd love to hear your thoughts. Otherwise I will catch you
guys probably next week for another one of the shorter ones, unless you guys totally hate the
format. All right, guys. Thanks for listening. See ya.
