and there were a lot of doc comments actually about people complaining about the game and not
winning anything but i think the biggest thing to remember with this game and i think most starbucks
games is that they allocate the prizes based on the time that you win so what they do is they'll
say that hey there's a prize at 10 or 3 a.m and 45 seconds and so if there were a thousand people
playing that game at 10 a.m and 3 minutes and 45 seconds then you have a one in a thousand
chance of winning but if there was only five people playing the game at 5 a.m you have a one
in five hey everyone welcome to episode 35 of the daily churn today is going to be a recap of
all of the things that i churn in october from credit cards to brokerages to banks even the
time that i'm playing the game at 10 a.m and 45 seconds then you have a one in a thousand chance
of winning but if there was only five people playing the game at 5 a.m you have a one in five
freebies and meal kits that all together added up to just a really really massive month in terms
of payouts so pretty excited for this episode but before we get too deep into it i wanted to give a
quick update on the morgan stanley amex platinum card which for those of you who listen to these
episodes as soon as they come out might be wondering wasn't there an episode 35 last week
about the morgan stanley card i ended up pulling the episode because actually getting a morgan
stanley advisor to do some of these options was going to be extremely tough and so i posted a
comment on reddit that kind of runs through my data points in more detail so i won't recap the
whole story here but my big takeaway from all of this particularly after spending probably three
four hours over the last week just chatting with morgan stanley advisors and trying to kind of
suss out exactly how things work there is that morgan stanley is not a terms and conditions
kind of person and i think that's a really big takeaway from all of this and i think that's
kind of a company this is why when you call morgan stanley depending on who you speak to you'll get
a totally different answer because chances are you know the terms and conditions better than the
morgan stanley advisors do at its core morgan stanley is a relationships company because it's
an investment firm and so they still approach everything from the traditional investment bank
relationship standpoint instead of let's say your bank of america where you could very easily go to
bank of america present the terms and conditions
of an account that you want to open and have them open it morgan stanley does not give a crap about
the terms most of their people don't even know the terms what they care about is establishing
a relationship with you that is profitable for them so once that clicked i realized i was
approaching it entirely wrong instead of thinking of them as a traditional churn where you're
churning a chase account or a city account or a bank of america thing instead think of it more
like a car dealership you can't go into a car dealership and say hey i'm going to buy a car
this car has a sticker on it that says thirty thousand dollars let me have the car for thirty
thousand dollars that isn't how a car dealership works and you're not going to leave with the car
for thirty thousand dollars and so that's what i've been up to this past week with morgan stanley
there's a couple avenues that i'm exploring that seem pretty promising right now that said i'm
trying not to get ahead of myself this time so i'm gonna hold off on sharing these until i know
for sure that it works and i literally have a morgan stanley amex
platinum card in hand which i'm hoping will happen pretty soon like this is one of my goals
for november so if one of these new strategies pans out and there's an easy way to replicate it
i will repost that episode with the new updates and hopefully you guys will be able to get the
platinum card too but we'll see how it goes but for now let's get back into the october recap
starting with credit cards really good month for credit cards so upgrade which is a card that i
cover in the next video is a card that i'm going to be using for the next month so i'm going to
in the previous episode it's kind of a credit card kind of a checking account but the thing with
upgrade is that they had a 500 bonus for opening the upgrade card and making three debit card
transactions so super easy qualification requirements and the 500 upgrade bonus just
posted for me a couple days ago the nice thing with the upgrade credit card though is it's
technically a line of credit and that line of credit won't show up on your credit report
unless you actually use the card and you don't have to use the card the three debit card
transactions that they want you to do is from a checking account that they also want you to open
so to qualify for that 500 you need to open both the card and their checking account but the nice
thing with the checking account is that there's a hundred dollar referral program so instead of
opening that checking account during the credit card application process you can exit out of that
and then use someone's referral code because then they'll get a hundred dollars and you'll get a
hundred dollars and that program was set to expire at the end of october but it has just recently got
extended to the end of january so three more months where you can apply for the checking account and
get that 100 extra dollars on top of that there's a hundred dollars via swagbucks and my swagbucks
is showing that orange pending circle which is usually a good sign and so hopefully that will
post in the next couple of weeks as well but all in all just a super fast easy 700 bonus because
i got that 500 credit card bonus after about two weeks from making those three debit card
transactions so very quick and honestly one of the easiest credit card bonuses i've gotten in a while
for those of you that are still on the fence about applying or haven't gotten around to applying
just a couple updates on the triple stack method where you stack that card bonus with the checking
bonus with the swagbucks so the latest and greatest for getting that link to the 500 bonus
is going into the checkbook and getting that link to the checkbook and getting that link to the
credit karma and modifying your own offer so depending on your credit karma accounts you
might see an offer for 300 or 400 or 500 for opening the upgrade card but it's super easy
to just modify that url because the url i think literally contains 400 you could just change that
to 500 and now you get the 500 offer so i'll post a link to the comment from doc where someone
described how to do that but that seems to be a safer way of opening with the 500
offer so i'll post a link to the comment from doc where someone described how to do that
offer then using someone else's 500 link that said both p2 and i used someone else's 500 link
and my 500 bonus has posted so both methods may work just as well but it seems maybe a bit safer
if you modify your own offer instead then when it comes to actually applying for the card a few
unlucky folks are getting asked for additional verification so it's probably at random but
they're being asked to upload additional
documents having to take like pictures selfies of their face and their driver's license so we
didn't get selected for that but i did see some data points on doc where some people did so you
know it's kind of just luck of the draw similarly i've seen a couple data points where upgrade is
asking you to also open an account at one of their credit unions before they can approve you
for the line of credit so i think just an extra step that you have to do but ultimately shouldn't
be a big deal but it sounds like you do have to do that in order for them to do that so i think
it's a good thing to be able to approve you for the upgrade card but once you're approved you're
good to open that checking account and the reason why you need to wait for the approval to open the
checking account is because the app literally won't let you open the checking account if you
have another pending application you'll get an error message so it's less of a sequencing thing
and more of a the app just won't let you do it that said you don't want to apply for the checking
account first you do want to apply for the card because there have been data points where if you
already have the checking account they may not approve you for the card so start with the credit
card and then open the checking account once it shows in your app that you're approved for the
card or once you get an email my email was a little bit delayed so i saw it in the upgrade app first
that i was approved before the email came like a day later but either way just make sure that you
open the checking account through swagbucks first that you click the link in swagbucks to open the
page for the checking account and then you can open a new tab and you can open the checking account
or just replace that link with the referral link that's how you stack the swagbucks with the
referral link because you let swagbucks set their tracking cookie and then you use the referral link
and now you have both things being tracked and that's how you end up getting that massive $700
bonus in the end when you stack all three of these things on our end we're still waiting for
the $100 sign up bonus to post for both myself mp2 and the swagbucks are still impending but
at least for me the $500 credit card bonus is still pending so i'm going to open the checking
bonus as already posted and then we also got some referrals so i ended up getting four referrals
that posted i think a couple of those were from just me sharing my referral link on the doc referral
thread and then a couple from the podcast so if you're one of those people really appreciate you
guys for using my referral p2 also got a couple referrals as well so all in all ended up being
six referrals or $600 total then on the chase front there was some pretty big news where the
ink cash and the ink cash were both sold out so i ended up getting four referrals that posted
um an uh
and then the chase sapphire also got increased to 80 000 points so we had two ink unlimited and
one ink cash and i was able to just send a secure message in chase and have all three of those cards
match to the higher offer which was an incredible amount of money and then we got them all so i
with the lower spend. For two of those cards, I'd already met spend. And so they deposited the $15,000
times two immediately into the account. The other card, I was still in process. And the response
back was just, hey, message us back when you've spent $6,000. And then we'll just give you the
full bonus, the $90,000 at that time. So not expecting any issues there. Then also just as
a long shot, I also had another in cash from back in March. So what is that? Almost seven months ago.
And I just messaged them to see if they'll match that one too. But that one got denied as expected
because I think the timeframe that they're looking for is 90 days. So if you open that card in the
last 90 days, there's a very good chance that they'll match you. I think DOC just posted that
the offer is now public. So you can just apply for it directly even without a match. But if you've
already opened it before, you can apply for it directly. So if you've already opened it before,
you can apply for it directly even without a match. But if you've already opened it before,
match is still the way to go. And just really, it's an amazing deal for these cards. I think it's
the highest it's ever been for the ink cash and the ink unlimited. If you haven't applied for one
of these yet, definitely recommend getting in on this increased offer. I also got 20,000 points
from referring P2 to one of those ink cards before. And so it was the 30,000 points from matching plus
the 20,000 points equaled 50,000 points in October from Chase. Plus there's another 15,000 points that
will post whenever I hit the spend. So hopefully that will happen in November. Finally, on the
credit cards front, 100,000 points from Amex posted for my P2's gold card. And that was a
targeted offer that she saw in her account when she logged in, which was to spend $4,000 to get
100,000 Amex points for the gold card. So really good offer. And after the $4,000 was spent, it
ended up being more like 107,000 Amex points. Because with that gold card, that's the one that
gives you the 4X on restaurant spend, as well as grocery spend. So we've been trying to use
that card for those things. So yeah, very nice bonus and definitely worth just checking your
Amex account to see if you have one of those pre-approved offers. Tallying it all together
for credit cards, it was that $1,100 from upgrade because it was a $500 from the card bonus and then
$600 from referrals, 50,000 points from Chase plus 100,000 points from Amex. Really big month and I
value those points.
Usually at least at 2 cents per point because I spend it on travel. So what is that? $3,000 worth
of credit card points plus just straight cash from upgrade. Yeah, very good month.
Next up, we have banks. Really good month for banks as well. Just really good month across
the board actually. But with banks, the big one that posted for us was the Chase business $750
bonus. That one was from depositing $20,000 and then making five transactions. And it posted
exactly 60 days after the $20,000 were deposited. There wasn't like an extra 15-day wait that they
mentioned in the terms. It just posted spot on after 60 days. So sadly, that offer has expired.
But I did see there's actually a pretty good Chase offer right now for the checking and savings combo
where you get $600 if you open both of those things. And those are personal accounts. Sadly,
we're not eligible because we both have Chase checking accounts that we use. That's one of our
main bank accounts. But for those of you that don't, definitely recommend doing it. It's one
of the higher offers that you'll see. So I'll link to that in the show notes as well. Next up,
we have Juno, which really wasn't a bonus, but more just that we moved $10,000 each into our
Juno accounts. Because Juno now is offering 5% interest on up to $10,000. Anything over $10,000
up to I think $250,000 gets 3% interest. So it's fully,
FDIC insured and just a really, really good interest rate for an app bank. And we love
storing money with these app banks because it is just so easy to use and access while still
getting a really high interest rate. I know some people are kind of adverse to app banks, but
they are FDIC insured. And the alternatives usually are like credit unions that also offer
3% to 4%. But those usually require a lot more hoops, like they want,
you know, log in every month and make 10 transactions. At one point in the past,
when we were doing a lot of those credit unions, we were making two 300 debit transactions each
month on Amazon, just doing the $1 reloads just to qualify for high interest at like five or six
different credit unions. So I'm personally really very happy to move to these app banks instead.
But at the end of the day, there's a lot of options right now for super liquid high interest
accounts. So Juno is one of them, but Upgrade,
who we were just talking about, also has a savings account that pays out three and a half percent
interest. Current still has their 4% interest on up to $6,000. So both myself and P2 have $12,000
in two different current accounts. Robinhood is even getting in on the high interest thing by
offering a 3% account, but you do need to be a member of Robinhood Gold, which costs $5 a month.
Then of course, if you don't need the money to be super liquid, I still highly recommend
iBonds because now I think DOC just posted that the new rate for November is 6.48%. So still
super high. I mean, it used to be 9% and 7%. 6.48% is still really good. But of course,
there's that $10,000 per year cap on how much you can put into iBonds. Actually, it's $15,000
because you can get a tax refund and up to $5,000 of your tax refund can be paid out as a paper iBond,
which then you can add into your online iBond account. And I know that because we just did
that because we just filed our taxes. We filed for the extension. So the extended taxes were due,
I think October 17th. And so we just got our $5,000 of extra iBonds that way. You can even
invest in short-term treasury bonds through your brokerage. And those pay out at 3% to 4% interest
with literally zero risk because you hold those short-term bonds to maturity. So there's just a
ton of money in there. And it's a lot of money. And it's a lot of money in there. And it's a lot
of money in there. And it's a lot of money in there. And it's a lot of money in there. And it's a lot
of different options for high interest at this point. And yeah, maybe I'll do an update to the
parking cash episode in the future. But for now, yeah, I think Juno at 5% is definitely one of the
best. Next up with banks, we also have Laurel Road, which is a subcompany, I think, or a different
brand, but owned by KeyBank. And that offer was deposit $2,500 into their checking account for
$300 bonus. And I liked that one a lot because it posted really quickly.
I got it after 15 days of making that deposit. And on top of that, you'll get another $20 every
month for 12 months if you continue making the $2,500 deposit. So I just used Ally to schedule
an automated transfer in and an automated transfer out every month. And so over time,
over 12 months, you're going to end up getting another $240 from this account. So very worth
doing. And I'll probably have P2 open this checking account next. Finally, quick shout
out to Kenny using my SoFi referral. Back in, I think, August, I finally logged into my SoFi
account and I saw the $50 there. So really appreciate it. But tallying everything up then,
we've got the $750 from the Chase business, $300 from Laurel, plus the $50 referral from SoFi
for a total of $1,100 on banks as well in October.
Moving right on to brokerages, just a massive month for brokerages too, because I got $2,000
from...
Public. And it came in really quickly. It only took, I think, two weeks after my stocks deposited
in public via the ACATS transfer process. So the whole process from start to finish,
from initiating that ACATS was three weeks total. It took a week for them to process the ACATS and
then two weeks for the bonus to show up. Now you do need to keep your bonus and the stocks that
you transferred there for six months. And for me, now that the $2,000 bonus is posted,
I just put that $2,000.
Into SGOV, S-G-O-V, which is a one to three month treasury bond ETF. And I did that just because
I didn't want it to just be in cash earning nothing. Whereas SGOV looks like you'll earn
about 1% in six months. So not that great, but better than zero. But it is very safe because
they're investing in super short treasury bonds. Alternatively, of course, you could put the money
into the market. But just with the way the market is, and we already have,
a lot of money tied up in the market. I didn't want to put more in right now. So that's sort of
why I ended up choosing SGOV. But of course, you can just leave it as cash if you want for six
months in your account. And just as a reminder, this bonus offer goes through the end of the year.
So yeah, definitely recommend jumping on this one because it is one of the best brokerage bonuses
that I've ever seen. And so far has been extremely smooth. And if you're not sure how to do ACATS or
you're still not convinced, definitely check out the SGOV.com.
episode, I think 33, which is a shorter episode I recently did focusing on just this public bonus
offer. Finally, there was Nadex, which we had another $100 referral. So not sure who did it.
But if you're listening to the pod, appreciate you for using that referral link. And that was
it for brokerages. There was the $2,000 from public plus $100 from the Nadex referral for
$2,100 in brokerages in October. Moving right on to mail kits.
There were a lot of decent mail kit reactivation offers actually in October. But first off,
I wanted to thank Matty for sending out all of his HelloFresh referrals last month because I had
three HelloFresh referrals and I ran out pretty quickly given how many people responded. So Matty
stepped in and helped give out his referrals to the other folks. Really appreciate you guys for
just spreading this mail kit love. Maybe we should name this podcast at this point to just
the daily mail kit because we've been giving out a lot of these mail kit offers.
I actually have one HelloFresh code left that someone didn't end up using.
So if you want that, just leave a comment on the dailychurnpodcast.com. I'll go ahead and
send you a picture of that code. And yeah, if anyone else has codes to share and see someone
asking for it, please do pay it forward and give someone a free mail kit because the offer is that
they'll get $65 off of their first box, which essentially covers that first box of three or
four meals for free. And you only pay that $9.99 of shipping.
But in terms of reactivation offers for HelloFresh, I was seeing a Halloween special
where they were giving you 58% off of the first box when you come back. And so it's okay. I usually
tend to wait for the 75% offers, but if you're not seeing 75% offers in the mail, 58% is still
pretty good because you can just load up on as many meals as they'll let you put into a box,
which I think is five or six, and then you get almost 60% off, which ends up making it a pretty
decent deal. So if you're not seeing 75% offers in the mail, you can just load up on as many meals
as they'll let you put into a box, which I think is five or six, and then you get almost 60% off,
Home Chef was doing something similar where they were offering 60% off of the next three boxes
if you come back. It's an okay deal in the sense that you still end up paying $46 for a box of
five meals for two. So I think that ends up being around $9 per dinner for two. So you can do better,
but $9 is still pretty good and Home Chef is pretty decent. But the big selling point for us
is that you get that 60% off for the next three boxes. So
three weeks worth of food. And that's nice because there's just less tracking involved.
I keep a big old spreadsheet to track all of the meal kit offers I'm doing, like when they arrive,
when to cancel, when to reactivate, so that each week we have a different box coming in.
And so when you do an offer where the next three weeks are sort of just sorted
without having to coordinate a bunch of different meal kit services, that's pretty
appealing to me and makes the whole planning and spreadsheeting a lot easier. Yeah, maybe at some
point I'll do like a meal kit part two episode where we'll just cover all the latest options and
I'll clean up and share that spreadsheet I use so that you guys can also track things a bit easier
if you're not doing it yet. Because I've definitely messed up before and forgotten about a meal kit
and then ended up paying full price, which is pretty devastating when sometimes the full price
of a box is like $200 depending on how many meals you usually try and load in there.
But yeah, we've got that Home Chef coming in November. And in terms of...
I don't think I'll count these meal kit discounts because I never would pay full price for these
meal kits anyway. But it is a great deal for just cheap, easy, quite tasty food.
Finally, we have freebies. And if you haven't figured out the trend yet,
really good month for freebies as well. So first thing was not technically a freebie,
but almost a freebie, which is a 55-inch Omni TV, which is the TV that Amazon makes.
This was a Prime Day deal. So they had Prime Day again. I think sometime,
in October. And usually this TV goes for $500, but they put it on sale for $109,
which of course is just a crazy price for a 55-inch TV, especially a more modern one.
And that offer ended up going live at 6 a.m. Pacific time, and it sold out in under two
minutes. So I was there right at 6 a.m. sharp to buy it because I'd gotten an anonymous tip
from someone who I will not mention on when it would go live. And actually, a few people,
on the DOC thread, mentioned they'd also figured out the time for themselves by reading this other
guy's blog who had tracked when those kinds of offers went live last Prime Day, and so figured
out that it would go live again at 6 a.m. this Prime Day. And so a handful of people got in on
the deal. And I was sad because none of my real-life friends were that interested in this TV,
even though it's such an amazing offer. And I was kind of wishing that I had the whole deal alerts
thing set up for the site. So I was kind of wishing that I had the whole deal alerts thing set up for
the site. And so I was kind of wishing that I had the whole deal alerts thing set up for the site. So I
so that at least some of you guys
could have gotten in on it too.
But yeah, I've just been putting off
that deal alerts thing, honestly,
since it just requires some development work
and I haven't gotten around to it.
But I'm thinking I make it a priority
maybe over like Christmas break
where I'll just spend a week
getting some kind of a beta built
so that I can notify you guys
sometimes of some of these deals.
And it really was an amazing deal.
Like it's a pretty awesome TV.
I was replacing this old Walmart online door buster
that I got in a couple of years ago,
where it was a 55-inch TCL TV
that I got for $148.
And compared to that TV,
this TV is night and day better than that old one.
And I'm gonna count this TV as like a $200 profit
because you can easily resell it on eBay right now
for at least $300, but I only paid $100 for it.
So even though I'm not gonna resell it, I could.
And so I'm gonna value this freebie at $200.
Next up, another one that I probably
would have sent a deal alert out for
is the Target Red Card.
And so what the Red Card is, is it's a debit card.
So there's a credit card version as well,
but you can apply for just the debit card.
And by applying for the debit card,
Target will send you a $40 coupon
that you can use on pretty much anything at Target.
And you can use that $40 once online and once in store.
So it essentially is $80 free.
And what's so great about the Red Card
is that you can close and reapply.
You can apply for the Red Card every 90 days.
So you could close it and then wait for the next time
there's that $40 coupon offer
and just rejoin Red Card again.
And I know a lot of people have been doing this
for a long time.
I don't know why I've been zoning out Red Card deals
because I think maybe I thought it was a credit card
and I just never bothered to read into it
that it's a debit card
and that you can just keep churning it.
And so I finally did it.
And the way that Red Card debit card works
is that you just link your bank account at another bank
and you can just click on it.
And you can just click on it.
And you can just click on it.
And each time you use that Red Card,
it just pulls from that bank account.
So it's not even like a thing
you have to deposit money into.
Plus it gives you 5% back
on any purchase you make at Target.
So all in all, if you go to Target at all,
it's definitely worth doing.
I think we ended up just buying some lamps
because they were basically free.
The only thing to note though
is that you got to be careful
when you sign up P1 and P2 on the same day,
on the same IP address,
like your same internet at home
because mine went through totally fine.
And P2 went into pending,
which seems like a pretty common data point.
And P2 finally got a paper letter in the mail
asking for additional documents.
And they wanted her to fax in
like five or six different documents
like utility bills, W-2s, tax returns,
just a whole bunch of crazy shit
that just isn't worth $80 to fax over to Target.
So if you want to avoid that,
maybe spread your application days out a bit
instead of having both of you apply
on the same day.
So that's a good way to do it.
But all in all,
it was that $40 coupon
that you get to use twice,
once online, once in store
for $80 from Target in October.
Then also on the freebies front,
there was this kind of silly Starbucks game
that both P2 and I were playing.
And Starbucks has like a game
where you can win stars every quarter.
But what was unique about the game this time
was that they would let you play the game
until you won twice.
So it wasn't that you got two plays.
It was that you can keep playing
until you end up winning.
So you actually won twice every day.
And so over the course of,
I think a week that the game was up
between P2 and I,
we ended up winning like 450-ish stars,
which if you're not familiar
with the Starbucks stars ecosystem,
that equals three free drinks at Starbucks.
And free drinks at Starbucks are great
because you can pick any size,
including their triente size,
which feels like it's close to a gallon.
And you can put all the toppings that you want.
A friend told me,
that at one point he made a drink
that ran up over $30
and you get that whole thing as one free drink.
We usually tend to just get, you know,
matcha lattes
or they have this new coconut refresher drink
that doesn't have caffeine,
but is super tasty.
But yeah, the game itself though,
was super stupid.
It was like outsourced to some other company
and so kept crashing.
At one point,
you had to wait in a queue
to even get into the game.
But someone figured out
that you don't even have to play the game.
You could just enter just your email,
and then you answer a Google capture.
And now that counts as you playing the game once.
So you could just repeat that.
And over the week,
I got really quick at that
because, you know,
your phone will pre-fill the email for you.
And then you just have to answer the Google capture.
And I mean, I think at this point,
Google should probably pay me money
for how many times I told them
where fire hydrants and chimneys were.
But yeah, it still ended up being worth it
because it took about maybe five minutes each day
for us to win four times.
So two times per Starbucks account.
And there were a lot of DOC comments, actually,
about people complaining about the game
and not winning anything.
But I think the biggest thing to remember
with this game,
and I think most Starbucks games,
is that they allocate the prizes
based on the time that you win.
So what they do is they'll say that,
hey, there's a prize at 10.03 a.m. and 45 seconds.
And so if there were a thousand people
playing that game at 10 a.m. and three minutes
and 45 seconds,
then you have a one in a thousand chance.
But if there was only five people
playing the game at 5 a.m.,
you have a one in five chance.
So the time that you play really does matter.
So for us, it would only take about five minutes
because we'd pick times of the day
that weren't that popular.
And each time we'd win five or 10 or 25 or 50,
or even one time we won 100 stars.
And so over the course of a week,
we ended up getting about 450 stars.
And that to us is worth about like $20
because we go to Starbucks all the time anyway.
And so we don't have to worry about it.
And a drink is like $6 or $7 each time,
but now you can get it for free.
So yeah, $20 from just a silly Starbucks game in October.
There was also that Amazon 40% off
if you use one Amex points.
And that's one of those Amex Amazon offers
that comes around.
I feel like every quarter or so we get retargeted.
So even if you've done it before,
it's always worth checking to see
if that offer has refreshed for you
and it refreshed for us.
And the cap is at $40.
So you can spend $100,
get 40%.
Which equals $40.
So we made sure we maxed that out.
Plus there was another Amazon offer in October
where it was 20% off of $50 worth of Amazon brand items,
which sounds good in theory,
but actually it's a pretty select list of items that qualify.
So it's kind of a pain to be on Amazon
browsing their very specific list
to see if there's anything you need.
So we ended up just getting a bunch of toilet paper
and Amazon pens to hit that $50
and you get 20% back.
So it ends up being $10.
So total in October was $40 from that 40% offer
and then $10 from the 20% offer
for a total of $50 in discounts from Amazon.
And I'm going to count the $50
because saving money on Amazon
is literally as good as cash
because it's money we would have spent anyway
because you just can't avoid buying things on Amazon anymore.
Finally, with freebies,
we also got $35 from Top Cashback
where I referred P2.
And that's $35.
$35 actually ends up being more like $37
because you get a 5% bonus
when you cash it out as a Visa gift card.
And there's just so many of these
like little cashback sites
where depending on what you're buying,
you should just check to see
where you can get the most cashback.
And yeah, maybe in the future,
I'll do an episode where I sort of just rank the best ones.
But in the meantime,
the site you want to go to is cashbackmonitor.com
and I'll post a link to this in the show notes as well.
But that site basically lists
all of the cashback sites,
including 90% of them that you've never even heard of.
And it'll tell you which cashback site
is offering the most cashback
for the merchant that you're trying to buy from right now.
So really good way to maximize
how much you're getting back from online shopping.
But tallying all of the freebies together,
we've got the $200 from the Omni TV,
$80 from Target,
$20 from Starbucks,
$50 from Amazon,
and $37 from Top Cashback.
For a total of $387 in freebies,
which I think is the biggest month I've had in freebies so far.
I've only been tracking it for two months,
but this is by far bigger than the previous month.
All right, so tallying it all together for a final tally,
we've got $1,100 from credit cards,
$1,100 from banks,
$2,100 from brokerages,
$0 from meal kits,
but we did get a whole bunch of cheap food for November,
and freebies,
and we've got a total of $287 for a total of $4,687 in October,
plus 107,000 Amex points,
plus 50,000 Chase points,
which to me are worth at least $2,000-$3,000 worth of free travel.
Is that the biggest month I've had so far?
I'm not sure.
I think there was another month where I had $4,000-$5,000 in bonuses with a bunch of points.
But either way,
this is definitely in the top three of my churning months.
And yeah,
you know,
you guys know my target is usually $1,000 a month.
So $4,500 plus a bunch of points is just way above and beyond,
and really happy with that.
But yeah,
that's it for this episode.
I know some of these offers that I covered are already expired,
but as always,
you can check out the latest churns that I'm doing as I'm doing them on the live tracker.
You do need an account to see it,
but it's totally free to join.
And then you'll also get access to the newsletter,
which I send out when one of these new episodes come out,
and it contains all of the show notes and the links that we discuss.
If you enjoyed this episode,
please do share it with a friend.
Most people find this show through just word of mouth.
So really appreciate you guys for spreading the word and thank you for tuning in today.
I'll catch you guys next time.
See ya.
