and for us i think we are close to if not over a hundred different accounts being synced inside
simplify i mean at this point i think we must be in the top one percent of simplify power users
just based on how many accounts we have but i think most churners will just naturally end up
being in that top one percent over time
welcome to episode 36 of the daily churn today's episode is going to be a little bit different
it's going to be more of a focus on the personal finance side of churning which i think is a pretty
relevant topic for most of us given how many accounts we open every week and every month
and so keeping tabs on all of these
things moving around all of the time almost feels like a full-time job sometimes but there
are tools that make it a lot easier and simplify is one of those really great tools that i'm happy
to have discovered as a churner but i mean in general i think simplify is good for anyone who's
looking to have a better understanding of where their money is and what it's doing but particularly
for churning it's come in really handy because it really has helped us with a lot of these things
that are crucial when it comes to churning like keeping
track of your minimum spends and making sure your cards are paid on time and then just allocating
funds between different cash and investment buckets so that you can meet new bonuses
simplify has been really helpful for us and then just in practical terms how we actually go about
using it like what do we do when we open a new card or a new bank or a new brokerage like how do
we go about keeping all of that stuff organized inside simplify so yeah hopefully this is a pretty
useful episode especially if you're using
google sheets or excel or one of the competitor apps like mint to track your money and your
accounts and how things move i think simplify could be a great companion or even replacement
for some of those tools and if you're not tracking anything right now i think simplify is a great
place to start so we'll cover all of those things shortly but before we get into it just a quick
reminder that all the things that we cover today in the podcast will be in the show notes which
you can find on the daily churn podcast.com and if you're subscribed to the daily churn podcast
newsletter you should have received that in your inbox already it's totally free to join and you'll
also get access to the live churn tracker on the website which shows all of the things that i'm
currently churning as i'm churning them along with data points and notes as well as comments from
other churners who have questions or data points to share about some of the accounts that i'm
currently churning so definitely check that out when you get a chance but for now let's get back
into simplify
so the way simplify works
is you create your account with simplify and then you add your accounts from other institutions like
banks and credit cards and brokerages and once you add those accounts in you can name them however
you want and they'll show up in various groups like your cash group or your investment group or
your credit cards group and you'll be able to see the tally across all of your accounts broken down
by these groups but also just as one big final number which is essentially your net worth so
that's pretty useful to see just from a personal finance point of view and then you can also see
all the transactions that occur across the account as well and then when you get fancy you can also
like spending goals or run monthly reports to see, hey, I spent $5,000 last month. What did I spend
it on? And then for next month, I want to set a goal that I don't spend more than $1,000 at
restaurants, for example. So it really is a very full featured app and it can go as deep as you
want it to go. So if you want to go and set spending goals and monthly reports, you can,
or you can just use it as like a summary dashboard to monitor and track your money.
So I'm sure to a lot of you who have used things like Mint, this sounds very similar. And Mint is,
I think, one of their closest competitors or at least the closest comparison. But
Simplify is just a lot better than Mint. We used to use Mint for many years and we switched
to Simplify when it came out, I think, two or three years ago. And so the main differences
is that Mint is free. So there are a lot of ads on Mint and Mint often felt like it was
a little buggy at times.
But also it had less customization options because ultimately Mint is free because their
goal is to sell you on credit cards, right? They want you to sign up for new credit cards or
new financial products, and that's how they make their money. So while the UI is quite nice to look
at, their incentive to make it as full featured as Simplify is pretty low. Where Simplify, there
are no ads because it's a paid product. It costs $3 a month to use. So $36 a year, which I really
think is a fantastic value for the amount of use we get out of it. It has a pretty nice
Mint-like interface and UI, and there's native apps on the iPhone and Android. And so it
really is just a better Mint. And for $3, I think it is very much worth the price.
The other popular app that comes up a lot when people talk about Mint or Simplify or
just managing your finances or tracking your accounts and stuff is YNAB, short for You
Need a Budget. We tried You Need a Budget briefly. It was an interesting experience because the UI
is a bit outdated. It's kind of old school and not as nice as Mint and Simplify. But the main
issue we had with it was that it was kind of just too hardcore for us from a budgeting standpoint
and also kind of expensive. So price-wise, it's $15 a month, or you can pay them $100 for a year.
So that's three to five times more expensive than Simplify, depending on how you end up paying,
You Need a Budget. But outside of the pricing thing, the main drawback for us was that it
uses a zero-based budgeting technique, which essentially what that means is that every
dollar is accounted for. Their tagline for You Need a Budget is give every dollar a job.
And what they mean by that is that you essentially create envelopes of cash that you allocate
throughout the month. So very much, it's just a mirror of how some people budget physically
in real life.
Beginning of the month, you say, I have $5,000 and you'll put it into separate envelopes. And
each envelope is labeled utilities or gas or restaurant or fun, and you spend down those
envelopes. And if one of your envelopes runs out during the month, well, you just stop doing the
thing that's labeled on the envelope. So it's an interesting way to approach budgeting because
if you're someone who's really struggling with random spending, or if money really is super
tight, like you know you're only getting that $5,000,
in a month, and it needs to pay for everything in your life, then the You Need a Budget approach
is maybe the rehab that you need to fix your budgeting issues. But it's kind of tough to
use it as an app if you're a churner because as a churner, money sometimes just goes towards
random things like annual fees for a credit card, or sometimes you need to prepay for
a year of internet or trash just to hit a minimum spend that you're working on. And
money, sometimes you move to hit different things. So you need to have a budget approach.
And if you're a churner, you need to have a budget approach. So you need to have a budget approach.
So you need to have a budget approach. And if you're a churner, you need to have a budget
approach. So you need to have a budget approach. And if you're a churner, you need to have
a budget approach. And if you're a churner, you need to have a budget approach. And so
with all of these weird money movements happening, we couldn't quite figure out how to make it
all work within this envelope budgeting system that was super strict because we need liquid
pools of funds that we move around to get signup bonuses. So from a churner perspective,
I think You Need a Budget is kind of overkill and can be pretty hard to use if you're using
a lot of your accounts for churning. And I know the You Need a Budget fans are pretty
hardcore about how much money you need to spend. But you need to have a budget approach.
how much they love you need a budget. And I tend to agree, you know, if budgeting is your main
issue, I think you need a budget could be that solution for you. But in the context of churning
for us, Simplify just worked a lot better because it's a lot more flexible. And then for actual
budgeting, my P2 just keeps her own budget in Google Sheets. You know, we actually pull data
from Simplify to help populate the Google Sheet each month to help us track like how we're doing
and adjust for the next month if we need to. And for us, we have enough of a buffer where being
over budget sometimes is OK as long as we adjust for it in the future. Finally, the other competitor
worth mentioning, I think, is personal capital. And I've heard a lot of blogs promote personal
capital. And I wonder if it's because they give like a kickback or an affiliate thing if people
sign up using their personal capital link. But both P2 and I tried personal capital briefly when
Rakuten was offering, I think it was $50 or $100.
Just for signing up and linking one of your accounts. It seemed fine when we were using it,
but it's more focused on investments because the way personal capital makes money is from their
wealth advisory practice that charges fees, as well as I think their robo advisor also charges
some fees. And so their goal is to get you to use personal capital so that they could then sell you
on their wealth advisory and their robo advisors and those kind of services. So just I think general
rule of thumb is just be...
wary of any free services like Mint and personal capital because their app is free because it's a
lead generator for their other paid services. In the case of Mint, it's credit cards and financial
products. And in the case of personal capital, it's wealth advisory. And so their main goal
isn't to make a full featured app that really helps you view and visualize and manage and track
your money movement, which is what Simplify does. So really, I think that transitions well into the
next topic, which is...
why we love Simplify and the things that it's helped us with when it comes to churning.
One of the really nice things about having all of your accounts linked and being able to view
all of the transactions in one go is that it becomes really easy to see when an annual fee
gets charged. Because I have a credit card tracking sheet that I use to tell me when I
opened the card and when to cancel the card. And I think I shared that credit card tracking sheet
in, let's see, episode 15, if you want to just use that as your template. And that's useful
for managing your money movement. And I think it's really easy to use that as your template.
that side of the credit card churning process. But being able to see all the transactions in one
place at any time is how you actually see the exact dates that the annual fee gets charged.
Because they don't usually actually charge the annual fee on the exact date that you open the
card. Sometimes they wait till your statement closes or they wait for the beginning of a month.
It really varies by the credit card issuer. So being able to see the actual date then gives you
the exact dates that you need to cancel the card by.
So most times you just add 30 days to when the fee is actually charged. And this is particularly
useful for accounts that you don't use often, which is probably most of the credit cards that
you open, which is you open them, hit the spend within three months, and then it goes into the
sock drawer until you need to cancel or ask for a retention offer. And so if you're not monitoring
those accounts, or you're not keeping close track on your spreadsheet, this is a good failsafe where
you know when these fees hit so that you can cancel them.
And this has happened to me quite a few times where I've just totally forgotten about a card
until I see the fee. And usually it's my P2 that sees it first in Simplify. And she'll ask me like,
hey, do you need to cancel the card to get the fee refunded? And at least a few times,
I've just completely forgotten about that card for some reason. And we would have paid the fee
if it hadn't shown up on Simplify. So having it around is a really nice backup option.
And then on top of that, it just is really easy then to see how much spend you've been putting
on the credit cards, which is particularly helpful when you're doing multiple spends across
multiple cards and maybe across multiple players at the same time. Because for us, both P2 and I,
we share one Simplify account. So all of our accounts are on there and we're able to track
all of the things in one go. Probably not the best idea if you're not married or if you have
like a secret gambling or porn habit that you don't want the other person to see. But in our
case, our finances are very well integrated.
Especially because I do a lot of churning things for her. And so yeah, being able to see all of
the transactions and the totals across credit cards in one place, super helpful. Then on top
of that, having everything in one place, not just our credit cards, but also our bank accounts,
it becomes really easy to just see if you have enough funds to cover all of your credit card
payments. Because for me, I hate keeping cash in accounts that earn 0%, which sadly is most
of our foundational accounts.
Our cards are paid from our main Chase personal or our Chase business account,
which doesn't earn interest. I tend to keep the bare minimum in that account where there's just
enough money to cover the upcoming payments to the cards. Because with all my credit cards,
I also tend to update all of the bill due dates to be on the same day each month, usually just
the end of the month, like the 28th. And so mid-month each month, I'll make sure I've
transferred enough money from my various high interest accounts into that Chase account to
then cover all of the card payments. And so that's a really good way to cover all of the
payments that are coming due at the end of the month. So of course, an alternate solution to that
could just be that you have your cards being paid out from your main account and your main account
actually earns high interest. But just with the constant changing landscape of which accounts have
the best interest, I don't want to go in and update 20 different credit cards to a different
bank account every month. It's easier just to have one central account. And Chase is our preferred
one because A, we're opening a lot of business cards through Chase. And so those...
Just naturally get tied to your Chase business checking account. But B, Chase, I think out of all
of the big banks has the nicest interface and the best funds transfer limits and just general ease
of use. And so that's why Chase is our preferred account. But outside of banks and credit cards,
we also add all of our brokerages into Simplify so that we can see all of those balances in one
place. And Simplify supports like 401ks, Roth and traditional IRAs, HSAs, taxable
brokerages, all of those things we've added in. And it's just nice, honestly, to be able to keep
an eye on our investments and how the market is affecting them, which is very necessary for us
because we are doing the FIRE, the financial independence retire early thing. It also saves
us a lot of time each month when we rebalance our investments because we follow a thing called
GlidePath, which I think was popularized by BigEarn from earlyretirementnow.com,
where you rebalance your stock, bond, gold,
cash ratio each month based on how the market is performing. And yeah, maybe if folks are
interested in the future, I can do a FIRE GlidePath episode to kind of explain it in more detail.
But I went into it a little bit in the interview I did for Risk of Ruin. I think that was episode...
Let's see here. Episode 20, the bonus episode, where I kind of delved a little more into the
FIRE process. But yeah, it just makes that a lot easier not having to log into 10 different
brokerage accounts each month.
To tally and adjust things when I can just look on Simplify and see the tally across all of them
really easily. So having all of those features in one place makes it just a lot easier for us
to manage our finances, particularly because we are churning on top of doing the FIRE thing.
And so in terms of just like practical usage, the way we generally go about it is every time
that I open a new credit card, which is quite often, at least once or twice a month,
I will go in and add that new credit card.
You keep that credit card for at least a year. And so the effort to add in a credit card is
justified by the fact you're going to be able to see it now for the whole year.
And this then helps you eyeball things like your minimum spend progress without having to really
even look at a spreadsheet or log into your random US bank or city account that you use
basically once or twice a year. And so by checking Simplify, I'll know when any of these annual fees
hit and I know then it's time to call in and cancel.
And right now, I'm in the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle.
I have probably 30 or 40, maybe closer to 50 because I have both P1 and P2's credit card
accounts tracked inside Simplify. And the nice thing with Simplify is that when you do close
one of those accounts, you can then mark it as closed. So you know which ones are closed and
which ones are currently open. Then we also added in our main bank accounts, so our Chase personal
accounts, our Chase business accounts, and then our Ally account, which is another one of our
foundational accounts that we use to do a lot of the money movement.
Because Ally, like Chase, is also very flexible and has really good transfer limits and is pretty
easy to use to schedule automated transfers in and out of other accounts. So all of that good stuff
makes it one of our main accounts. And so we make sure that those are in Simplify as well.
But when it comes to all of the miscellaneous accounts that we're churning in any given month,
I tend to not add them into Simplify just because oftentimes if they're like a small credit union,
they don't have the integration to
automatically close them. So I tend to not add them into Simplify just because oftentimes if they're
add into Simplify, so you'd have to add it in manually. It's just a lot easier for me to add
one single miscellaneous account that acts as a bucket that is the tally of all of these other
little miscellaneous accounts. So I'll be like Juno, $10,000, Current, $6,000, Chime, $2,000.
And the total of that becomes what I put into Simplify in the miscellaneous bucket. Of course,
the alternate method to this is that you could actually add each new bank account into Simplify,
as you open them. The issue though, is that because you can't link all of those accounts,
because sometimes they're just an app bank that doesn't have this linking capability,
sometimes you're going to have to add those account balances in manually. And then you
have to update those balances manually when you get a new bonus or if you move the money out.
And so it does end up being a bit more work, but it could be more accurate if you're good
at keeping it up to date. So if you're not someone that's good at keeping all of these
manual accounts up to date,
in Simplify, then it's just going to get more and more inaccurate as the months go by.
So I tend to just prefer a quick and dirty tally inside Google Sheets to populate this
miscellaneous bucket account that is the total of everything. So that Simplify still has an
accurate picture on a month to month basis of how much money we have. And I just know that
miscellaneous means it's spread out across various accounts because I'm churning bank bonuses.
On the flip side of that though, we do make sure we add all of our brokerages,
because with brokerages, those rarely change. Even if you're doing brokerage bonuses,
often they'll make you hold the money there for six months to a year. And so it's longer term
than your bank accounts. And the nice thing with brokerages is that because there's less of them,
most of them are supported by Simplify when it comes to linking. And even Public is on there,
and they're an app bank. And then for the ones that aren't supported by Simplify,
adding brokerages manually is actually pretty easy because you're able to add what stocks you have
in this brokerage.
So as the stock moves up and down, Simplify updates that balance automatically because
it tracks the current stock prices. So it's not like you have to go in and manually adjust your
brokerage account balance when the price of your stocks change. So it really is worth the effort
to add in the brokerages. And it's nice to have all of your various accounts now tallied up under
investments in one place. Then from a more practical standpoint with Simplify, they let
you change and label the names of your accounts. So if you're adding a brokerage account, you're
so that you can use your own sort of labeling system. So for us, we rename all the accounts
to person-typeofaccount-bankname-accountname, and then sometimes dash the last four digits.
So in practice, what that looks like is it would be P1 because I have both P1 and P2 accounts in
Simplify. So P1-personal because we have personal and business accounts in Simplify-chase because
chase is the bank-inc.com.
Cash, which is the name of the card that we opened, dash 1, 2, 3, 4, which is the last four
digits. And so when you organize it that way in the Simplified list, it becomes really easy to see
which accounts are P1 and P2s, which ones are personal versus business. It's going to then also
be sorted alphabetically by the bank, Amex, and then Bank of America, and then Chase.
And so you have all of this stuff in a list that's really easy to see. And I remember struggling with
some of the other services we used where I think back then,
wouldn't let you change the names of these accounts. And so it just became really hard to use and manage
when you have a lot of accounts. And for us, I think we are close to if not over 100 different
accounts being synced inside Simplify. I mean, at this point, I think we must be in the top
1% of Simplify power users just based on how many accounts we have. But I think most churners will
just naturally end up being in that top 1% over time as you open and close.
Finally, just some quirks with Simplify because it isn't all sunshine and roses. I'm not actually
being paid by Simplify. This isn't a sponsored ad or a sponsored episode. There are definitely
some issues that I wish would get better. And I think the main issue with Simplify is that if you
use two-factor on your accounts, which I think most of us do, and you really should if you're
not, sometimes two-factor presents some syncing issues. It has trouble syncing up with your
Simplify because Simplify doesn't use Played. I wish they would just use Played because Played is,
I think, a better service. What they use on the backend is Quicken Connect because Simplify is
developed by Quicken, who sells, I think, accounting software. And so that's why they
have a linking backend already created because they're using it in the Quicken software. And
now they're just using it for Simplify too. But yeah, they use Quicken Connect and it sometimes
struggles with two-factor in the sense that most times when I log into Simplify, there's
a lot of syncing issues. And so I think it's a good idea to use Quicken Connect.
A few accounts that I have to do the SMS verification for. I also wish they would
support more of the smaller credit unions so that you could add everything and not have to manually
add some of them or use this miscellaneous account thing. But that's not really, I think,
a Simplify thing. That's more just these smaller credit unions probably don't work on Played
either. They're just not supporting that kind of a linkage. Then another annoying thing is
totally just like a churner problem, which is that I have way too many
closed accounts in Simplify. And there's no way right now to hide those closed accounts.
Like they'll mark them as closed. But in my list of accounts that I see every time I open Simplify,
probably over 50% of those accounts that I'm seeing are closed and they're labeled closed.
But I wish I could just hide them from my view. And it is in their feature requests. So a lot
of people have actually requested this and they said they're working on it. So hopefully we'll
see some kind of an update there in the future. I guess the other annoying thing is that I wish
they would make updates faster. But at least with Simplify, you do get to request features like
they have a community forum. And because it is a paid app that's on a subscription,
they're actually incentivized to improve things where these free apps or some of the apps that
have you pay one price up front, they're just less incentivized to keep updating and improving
the app. And Simplify has gotten better over the two, three years that I've been using it.
So I think the TLDR on Simplify is that while it could be better, it's still currently way
better than Simplify. So I think the TLDR on Simplify is that while it could be better,
than the rest, particularly if you're going to use it to help keep track of your money while
you're churning. But you know, as with any tool, it's only as good as its wielder, right? You have
to stay on top of adding and closing accounts. And the UI is pretty intuitive, but there is
definitely a bit of a learning curve when you first use it. But once you get the hang of it,
it does become sort of second nature to manage things in there. And, you know, we probably check
Simplify, like we're not obsessive about it, but we do check it at least once or twice a day just
to make sure all the transactions that we see are legit and just to see the health of our financial
state, I guess, which has been a little depressing lately with the market. But overall, yeah, it's one
of these apps that we recommend to all of our friends. And so hopefully some of you guys will
find it as useful as we do. And definitely let me know in the comments if you have other apps like
this that you're using that also integrates and works well with the whole churning thing.
But otherwise, I think that's it for this episode. I know it was a little different
than the usual pure churning topic. So let me know what you thought about it. And if you'd like
to hear more of this personal finance fire churning type content in the future. And as always, if you
enjoyed this episode and you know someone else who might find it useful, please do pass it along.
Most people find this podcast from friends. I don't really do much or any marketing for this
show. So really appreciate you guys for spreading the word. All right, I'll catch you all next time
for the November recap.
Thanks for tuning in. See ya.
