because i think this is a classic case of morgan stanley misinformation like at this point there
should just be an urban dictionary definition for getting morgan stanley which means just getting
told false information because it happens so much and the reason why i think this is not the case
that the preferred savings balance will count towards your cash flow
hey everyone welcome to episode 38 of the daily churn today's episode is going to be an update
on the morgan stanley american express platinum card for those of you that have been following
along with the monthly recaps and the live tracker you've probably seen that this is a card that i've
been trying to get
for at least two three months now and was finally able to get one in november for my p2 i was
debating whether to just update the previous morgan stanley episode with the new info or record a new
one but just so much has changed in the last couple months that i figured a new episode will
probably be a bit easier to follow along with especially because now there are just entirely
new methods of qualifying for this card and these are methods that i'm
not really familiar with but i'm not sure if i'm going to be able to do that in the future
seeing anyone talk about like there's a massive flyer talk thread on the morgan stanley card and i
haven't seen this come up yet i was able to find one reddit thread from back in august that sort
of hinted at this method and i'll post a link to that thread in the show notes so at least it seems
like this method has been around for a few months but i think what happened was that access investing
kind of just overshadowed this method access investing got all of the attention so i'll walk
exactly how to qualify for the amex platinum card with this new method as of december 2022
because things always change but as of right now this is a working method and this card you know
is a great card to get not just because most of us aren't eligible for the regular amex platinum
anymore which is a valid reason but also because right now the offer is increased so it's 125,000
amex points for six thousand dollars of spend in six months
so that's twice as good as the business platinum which i think is 150,000 points for 15,000
dollars of spend this is way less spend like half as much spend with double the amount of time to do
it in so quite easy to meet on top of that one of the things that really attracted me to this card
is the free authorized user and usually with the amex platinums adding an authorized user like your
costs an extra 175 dollars but with this morgan stanley card you get
one free authorized user and that's awesome because starting in february i believe of 2023
the amex lounges at the airports are no longer accepting guests so if you only have one amex
platinum you used to be able to get both yourself and p2 into the lounge but starting in february
you both need to have your own amex platinum if you don't want to pay for that guest and adding
an authorized user counts as having a separate platinum for the purposes of lounge access so i'm
personally pretty excited about that and i'll see you in the next video bye bye
to just visit these lounges now that they're gonna be essentially half as empty but we also
had to figure out a way for both myself and p2 to get in and this morgan stanley card was the answer
on top of that it seems that this morgan stanley card might be a no lifetime limit card usually
amex only lets you get the bonus once per lifetime for a card with this morgan stanley one i've seen
a couple comments on doc and flyer talk where someone has gotten the bonus closed it the next
year waited a few months and reopened it
and gotten the bonus again so definitely you know not a confirmed thing but it seems to be leaning
towards that this is a no lifetime limit card then for those of us that are in pop-up jail for a lot
of cards with amex and what pop-up jail is is essentially you get a pop-up from amex that even
though you're in theory eligible to get the bonus for a card amex says hey based on the previous
accounts that you've opened and closed we're not going to give you the bonus do you still want to
apply for the card both myself and p2 are going to be able to get the bonus for the card so i'm
and p2 have been stuck in pop-up jail for some of the amex cards like the hilton one and most
recently we tried opening the charles schwab amex platinum card because we're like well the
morgan stanley one's pretty hard to open maybe we just both open a charles schwab one nope we're
both in pop-up jail for the charles schwab platinum card and pop-up jail is very specific
to each card i think usually the sponsoring company like charles schwab or hilton will set
restrictions and so not every card has restrictions and in the case of the morgan
stanley card even though we're in pop-up jail for the hilton and the charles schwab card my p2 was
able to apply with no pop-up finally it's december right now and december for amex means triple dip
season so if you're not familiar with triple dipping it basically means that you open the
card in december and amex usually structures their benefits on a calendar year basis so if
you open a card that has let's say a 200 travel credit like this amex platinum card if you open
it in december you'll get that credit in december then you'll get the credit the next year then you
can get it one more time in the following january right before you cancel the card so you only pay
one annual fee but you get the benefits three times and the reason that happens is because
even though you open in december usually your annual fee doesn't show up until january plus
after the annual fee to cancel the card so that essentially gives you like a month or two buffer
where now you're able to triple dip in december one year you have the full year the next year
then you also have january the year after to spend those credits all of those things added together
make this a really great card to open and now is probably the best time to open the card thanks to
triple dip and the increased offer i was actually going to do this episode like in another week or
two but i know folks want to get it in december so i'm going to do it in december and i'm going to
on this triple dip now i've gotten quite a few emails and comments about it so i figured i'd just
try and jam it out sooner and hopefully you know the timing works out for those of you that are
trying to open it before the end of the year before we get too deep into the logistics of
exactly how to open this card just a quick reminder that you can find the show notes for
today's episode at thedailychurnpodcast.com there's also a newsletter if you sign up where
you'll get notified when one of these episodes come out and also gets you access to the live
churn tracker on the website which shows all the things that i'm churning as i'm churning them along
with data points and comments and all that good stuff so definitely check it out if you haven't
yet but for now let's dive back into morgan stanley i'm thinking we'll start with just the
quick and dirty of exactly how to qualify for the amex platinum like what do you need to open
at morgan stanley the two second answer to that is open a preferred
account it's a savings account at morgan stanley that offers three and a half percent as their
interest so actually quite competitive and has gone up i think half a percent from a month ago
why does this work don't you need a brokerage account at morgan stanley in order to qualify
for the amex platinum and even open a cash plus account that is all true and it works because
every account at morgan stanley is considered a brokerage account because morgan stanley
is a brokerage
they're not a bank when they offer saving and checking accounts these are actually just
brokerage accounts on the back end the preferred savings account is a brokerage account just like
the cash plus checking account is also a brokerage account because really what it is is a sweep fund
which you might be familiar with at other brokerages where if you move money out of one of
your investments it goes into a sweep fund where it's sort of like cash but it's not in a checking
account but it's at the brokerage
another way to think of it is sort of like a mutual fund or a money market fund where it is
just a place to store your cash and you can transfer money in and out of this fund slash
savings account to earn interest now because this is sort of essentially an investment product
there's no way to do any money movement into and out of this preferred savings account
online because with morgan stanley everything needs to be done over the phone so you need a
to move money into this preferred savings account or if you want to move money out you also have to
call them so super inconvenient but it works in our favor here because it's treated like an
investment and so it uses what they call their triple a system some of you may already be familiar
with their triple a accounts their active asset accounts what triple a is is that that's actually
their real brokerage system like it's not the cheap access investing crap that's moving over
to e-trade triple a is the account that people with money and with financial advisors actually
open at morgan stanley and most of us don't open them because it costs 150 a year to open a triple
a account so we all went the access investing route instead because it was cheaper there was
no annual fee you only pay a small expense ratio on your investments and so access investing was
the route of the common folk triple a was the route of the common folk and so it was the route of the
rich folk and triple a has always qualified for the morgan stanley platinum card and for the cash
plus account so anyone with the triple a account has always been able to open this morgan stanley
amex platinum card as well as open a cash plus account if they wanted to you could probably
argue that people with triple a accounts were the target demographic for their amex platinum card
but now thanks to this new preferred savings product the way they decided to implement
it was by the way they decided to implement it was by the way they decided to implement it
was as part of a triple a account so when you open a preferred savings account on the back end what's
actually happening is they open a triple a account for you and they waive the 150 annual fee if you
only use that triple a account for preferred savings they do not charge you that 150 a year
fee so thanks to preferred savings you can essentially get the triple a account for free
now so how do you go about opening this preferred savings slash
triple a account well with triple a it requires a 25 000 deposit they will make exceptions but
that's sort of up to you to convince the advisor but for the most part 25 000 is the minimum to
open a triple a so a very straightforward path is just to call in and open a preferred savings
and deposit 25 000 into the preferred savings which makes you eligible for the preferred
savings and the triple a and now that 25 000 earns three
point five percent in that preferred savings account the preferred savings account also
qualifies you to open a cash plus account because remember a cash plus account requires a separate
brokerage account in theory it doesn't but it's very hard to find a morgan stanley advisor who
will open a cash plus without another brokerage account but luckily triple a preferred savings
accounts count as this other brokerage so by having this triple a preferred savings you can
open a cash plus
And instead of putting $25,000 into the preferred savings, you could just put $1,000 into the
preferred savings because $1,000 is the minimum in order to get that preferred savings. And you
can put $25,000 into the Cash Plus account. So it ends up being a little more, like an extra
$1,000 more. You're now putting $26,000 with Morgan Stanley. But now because you have $25,000
in the Cash Plus account, you qualify for the $695 engagement bonus, which is that bonus that
Cash Plus accounts give you in order to help you offset the fee for the Amex Platinum card.
But better yet, and here's where it gets better than access investing,
is that you don't have to wait 12 months to get that $695 engagement bonus. You would now actually
get that bonus in the first month of opening the Cash Plus. Because with Cash Plus, they added
terms in specifically.
To carve out access investing, where people with access investing accounts,
they didn't want to pay that bonus immediately. They made you wait 12 months.
The preferred savings AAA account is not excluded like access investing is. And so you'll get that
bonus immediately after meeting that fee avoidance criteria of having $25,000 in your Cash Plus
account, plus having another eligible brokerage account, which is your preferred savings account.
Keep in mind too, though, that that may change in the future.
The reason they added that 12-month rule to the access investing account
was because so many people were opening the access investing account in order to get a Cash Plus
to get the engagement bonus. So if a ton of people flood their preferred savings account
and do the same thing, I could imagine them updating the terms again in the future. But for
now, everything's golden. So if your goal here is to meet their fee avoidance criteria on the
Cash Plus account and get that engagement bonus, this is by far the most effective way to get that
$25,000 in your Cash Plus account.
You just get that $695 pretty much immediately. But this may not be the preferred option for a
lot of people because having $25,000 in that Cash Plus account where it earns 0% interest
costs you money. Because if you had that $25,000 in the preferred savings instead,
that's earning 3.5%, you would get $875 in interest that year versus just the $695
in cash. So that's a lot of money. So if you had that $695 in the preferred savings account,
you could get that engagement bonus from the Cash Plus. So it actually makes sense to keep your
money just in preferred savings and not worry about this engagement bonus at all.
This, I think, naturally then leads to another question, which is, does the preferred savings
balance of $25,000 count towards the Cash Plus minimum requirements of $25,000? Can you keep
your $25,000 in the preferred savings where it's earning 3.5% and qualify for the Cash Plus fee
avoidance and their engagement bonus? So if you had that $25,000 in the preferred savings account,
at least according to the advisors that I spoke with, and I've spoken to quite a few for many hours
over the last couple months, they've all confirmed no, it does not count. However,
someone I was chatting with on Reddit did say that their advisor said yes. And in fact,
that Reddit thread that I linked to in the show notes also has someone mentioning where their
advisor had told them that it would qualify. However, I would still strongly lean towards
the answer being no, despite what your advisor might say. Because I think this is a classic case
of Morgan Stanley misinformation. Like at this point, there should just be an urban dictionary
definition for getting Morgan Stanley, which means just getting told false information,
because it happens so much. And the reason why I think this is not the case that the preferred
savings balance will count towards your Cash Plus criteria is that the Cash Plus fee avoidance
criteria and...
The engagement bonus that you get, all of this is automated. They have a tracker online that tells
you if you're meeting the fee avoidance criteria of having $25,000 in deposits in your Cash Plus
account. The preferred savings money is in a totally different account. It's 100% not in your
Cash Plus account. And so that fee avoidance tracker does not automatically track your money
in your preferred savings account, which means you're not going to meet the fee avoidance
criteria each month. And you're going to be stuck paying $55 a month in fees, unless you have an
advisor who's going to update manually your tracker each month and maybe waive those fees.
So the TLDR there is that I don't think your preferred savings balance is going to automatically
trigger fee avoidance on the Cash Plus account, which then means you'll be paying $55 a month.
And in theory, you should still get your engagement bonus. You don't have to meet
fee avoidance to get the engagement bonus. Those two things are not actually linked,
despite what Morgan Stanley advisors may tell you. You can get the engagement bonus
while paying the $55 a month fee. But if you're paying $55 a month for 12 months,
that sort of negates that $695 engagement bonus in the first place.
So given this, then maybe the question is, do I even want a Cash Plus account? Can I just open
the preferred savings account and get my platinum card and be done with it? Here's where things get
a little more YMMV.
Because up to this point, the three or four advisors I spoke with all consistently agreed
on and said the same thing regarding opening preferred savings, which lets you get a Cash
Plus, which lets you get the Amex Platinum. But now it's where things start to deviate a bit
because some advisors will say that a Cash Plus account is the only account that qualifies you
for an Amex Platinum, that you need to have a Cash Plus if you want to even open that Amex
Platinum card. And again, your mileage may vary, but I think that's a false statement.
I think that those advisors who say that are getting confused with the engagement bonus for
the Morgan Stanley Platinum because only the Cash Plus will give you that $695 engagement bonus.
That is true. But they're now also confusing that with being eligible to open a Morgan Stanley
Platinum card in the first place. The reason I think that you should be able to open the
Morgan Stanley Platinum without a Cash Plus account...
People have been opening this Morgan Stanley Platinum before the Cash Plus account was even
a thing. People have opened the Morgan Stanley Platinum with just their Access Investing account.
They've opened it with just their Access Direct account. I've even seen data points from people
who had a AAA account or even some of those older Morgan Stanley accounts that have since
been deprecated being able to open the Morgan Stanley Amex Platinum. So it definitely does
not seem to be the case that you need a Cash Plus in order to open.
This Platinum card. So then does the Preferred Savings account alone qualify you for the
Morgan Stanley Platinum? My theory is yes. And it's a theory because we ended up taking
a slightly different route and I'll cover that more in the scenarios in a bit. But my reasoning
for why the Preferred Savings by itself should work is that Preferred Savings is just a AAA
account with the fee waived. I confirmed that you will get full online access to view the
your funds and transfer funds in. You just can't move money into that Preferred Savings fund
without calling in, but you'd get online access like you would with any other brokerage accounts.
I highly doubt that they made an entirely new system just for Preferred Savings. So I'm guessing
it just functions pretty much like any other AAA account with maybe just more limited features.
So if all accounts at Morgan Stanley are considered brokerage accounts, which they are,
and this Preferred Savings account is considered a brokerage account, then I'm guessing that the
Preferred Savings account uses the AAA system on the back end. Who's telling Amex that it's not
an eligible brokerage account? And that's sort of an open question that I have, which is like,
how is eligible brokerage data being sent to Amex? Is it a spreadsheet that someone manually sends
to Amex each month because there's not that many and someone literally compiles it? I wouldn't be
surprised. Or is it like an automated API call that Amex can ping Morgan Stanley to see what
kind of accounts they're sending? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't
know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't
I don't think anyone knows. If someone does, I would love to hear it in the comments.
So given this unknown, what account should you open if you just want the Amex Platinum card?
And here's where I sort of laid out some scenarios that came to mind. And at the end,
I'll cover the exact route that my P2 ended up taking. But I figured I'd start first with
just option one, which is just the safest route you can take,
which is simply opening a Preferred Savings account and the Cash Plus account.
that combination for sure works. Every advisor that I spoke with confirmed it and it makes sense.
The preferred savings account will qualify you to open the Cash Plus account. And we know for
sure that the Cash Plus account will qualify you to open the Amex Platinum account. So what you
could do is you could call in and open the preferred savings and the Cash Plus in one go
and make sure that you're letting them know that you're going to fund it with $25,000 or in this
case $26,000 because what you'll do is you'll put $1,000 into the preferred savings and then
$25,000 into the Cash Plus. Then you'll wait a couple of days for everything to just sort of
propagate properly in their system, all your data to hit all the right servers, etc. And then you'll
open that Morgan Stanley Amex Platinum card. But just make sure that you open that Platinum
after the Cash Plus is fully opened because one of the requirements of the Cash Plus in order to
get that engagement bonus is that you open the Platinum account. So if you open the Platinum
after you open the Cash Plus, they don't want to give that engagement bonus if you
already happen to have an Amex Platinum and then you open the Cash Plus. So the order there is
important. But otherwise, yeah, you're done. You're ready for the triple dip if you did this
in December of 2022. And it's honestly not a bad route. It's better than the access investing plus
Cash Plus route from before because now you don't have to wait for that engagement bonus.
And with the funds, the $25,000, you don't actually have to even fund
those accounts immediately. You can get everything opened and then fund it in a week or two once you
gather up all your funds. I confirmed with the Morgan Stanley Advisor that you don't need the
funds in there immediately. You probably do need to fund it though within a reasonable amount of
time if you don't want your advisor closing your account eventually, but there is a bit of buffer
time. Then if you want to get spicy, there's a couple things you could try to potentially save
some extra money, which is that maybe you call in and have them move your funds,
out of the Cash Plus once the engagement bonus posts. You get the engagement bonus after a couple
months, and now you just pay that $55 monthly fee, but your 25K is in the preferred savings.
So it's earning more each month than that $55 fee. So that could be one option. Or if you're
even ballsier, you just call and have them close your Cash Plus after the engagement bonus posts.
I'm not seeing anything in their terms about a clawback of that engagement bonus. And I'm
guessing that might actually...
Be why they added that access investing exception into the terms where with access investing,
you don't get the engagement bonus until 12 months later, because probably a lot of people
like churners with the access investing account were just closing their Cash Plus once they got
the engagement bonus. So then they were like, well, we just won't give you the engagement
bonus until 12 months later. However, that clause was very specific to access investing.
And so, yeah, I'm kind of thinking that you should be able to just close your Cash Plus
and move your funds into...
To preferred savings once you get that engagement bonus. So that's option one. But there's also
option two, which is a slightly riskier route just because it hasn't been tested. So again,
your mileage may vary here. But the idea here is to open just the preferred savings account and
don't open a Cash Plus. So you open the preferred savings and you wait a day or two for all the info
to propagate again in the Morgan Stanley system. Then you apply for the Morgan Stanley Platinum
card. You could even leave that preferred savings account and wait a day or two for all the info to
propagate. So you can leave that preferred savings account unfunded while your Amex application
processes because my advisor had no issues with it taking a week or two to fund the savings account.
And you should know within a week if your Amex application has been approved. Then if you do
get approved, great. You can fund your preferred savings accounts and be done with it. If you don't
get approved and the reason they give is that, hey, you don't have an eligible Morgan Stanley
account, then you could at that point take the safe route and open the Cash Plus account.
Another possible outcome is that you get approved with just the preferred savings. But later,
like a few months down the line, you get a 30-day letter from Amex. And the 30-day letter is
essentially a letter from Amex that says, hey, we didn't find an eligible brokerage at Morgan
Stanley. Please make sure you have an eligible brokerage or we're going to close your Amex
Platinum account. And people on Flyertalk, for example, have gotten those letters in the past
when they'd closed their eligible brokerage account early. So if that's what happens to
you, where you get approved for the card and later you get the 30-day letter from Amex,
at that point, you can decide to just open the Cash Plus then, which would then give you an
eligible account. Or you can even try having your advisor link your Amex Platinum to that
preferred savings and see what happens. So option two was the route that I was
planning to take for myself. But we ended up taking a different route with P2, which
I think might be even riskier, but I think it will work out ultimately. And it was pretty unique to
which was that we called Morgan Stanley to follow up on our AccessDirect application,
which if you recall from the previous episode, my wife qualified for AccessDirect because she
had a StockPlan account with Morgan Stanley. Now, StockPlan accounts don't qualify for anything.
However, they do make you eligible to open an AccessDirect account, which would have qualified
for the Platinum card and the Cash Plus. So her AccessDirect application has been sitting in limbo
for two weeks. And I think that's a good thing. And I think that's a good thing. And I think that's
three months now. And we finally called to just follow up on what happened to it. And we got the
response that, hey, yeah, AccessDirect and Access Investing are both moving over to E-Trade. So we're
not opening any new applications for them anymore. We had just missed the cutoff, sadly. But during
that conversation, they were looking up my wife's account and they found three separate Morgan
Stanley accounts for my wife in her name. And we're like, what the hell is happening there?
And apparently, the way...
StockPlan works is that they auto-assign you advisors in physical locations, like near your
city. They'll assign you a local advisor. And then that local advisor gets access to her Morgan
Stanley via a separate Morgan Stanley account that they open in her name. So all super confusing.
But apparently, over 10 years, this has happened three times. And not once have we talked to
any of these advisors. We didn't even know we had them. But apparently, she has three of these
accounts in her name at Morgan Stanley. And it was unclear if those accounts are closed or if
they'll qualify maybe for this Morgan Stanley Platinum card, because StockPlan itself doesn't.
But I had no idea what those three separate accounts that they made, what kind of accounts
they were. And who knows how Amex is pulling any of this eligibility data anyway, right?
So I was about to take option two for myself with just that preferred savings. But I figured,
why not just try applying for the Platinum card for my P2?
Without opening any of these new accounts. So no preferred savings, no cash plus, none of it.
I figured at worst, she's denied. And at that point, I'll just take option two myself. Or maybe
there's a chance she gets approved. Because maybe Amex doesn't verify Morgan Stanley eligibility
until later, like not during the application process. And so if she fails that verification
later, she'll get the 30-day notice. And at that time, we can open the preferred savings and maybe
even the cash plus for her at that point.
So no harm in trying, right? I'm glad I tried because P2's app went into pending for a few days.
There was no pop-up jail. So she was actually able to apply. And then three or four days later,
her application was approved. So I'm not sure if those three random old accounts she had
qualified her or if they just don't check qualification until later. But she was approved
and the card arrived three or four days later. And if you want to get it quicker,
just make sure you call Amex. And usually they'll next day or two days,
ship it to you, which could be useful if you're trying to squeeze in the triple dip
in December. Then once she got the card, I added myself as an authorized user.
And then my authorized user card arrived a couple weeks later. And yeah, that's it. That's how we
ended up getting the Morgan Stanley card. And I'll post an update if we get a 30-day letter
in the future. But even if we do, it should be no big deal to open a preferred savings at that time.
So those are the three main routes that I wanted to cover. If you know of other ways of qualifying,
definitely let me know in the comments. And I'll see you in the next video.
And if you try one of these options, definitely let me know how it goes because I haven't personally
tried option one or two. But this time I have confirmed with multiple Morgan Stanley advisors
that opening the preferred savings and the cash plus are viable ways of getting your
Morgan Stanley Platinum card. So if you do end up trying it out, definitely leave a comment.
And as always, if you enjoyed this episode, be sure to join the newsletter and forward it to
a friend because most people find this podcast through word of mouth.
So really appreciate you guys for spreading the word. Thanks for tuning in and I'll catch you
guys next time for the end of year recap. So all the things that I churned in 2022.
