it's really like a constant struggle not to turn churning or this podcast into a full-time job
because i'm wired to go all in on things so it can be very easy to get sucked in because there's
always things to be churned so you can easily spend 40 hours a week doing that and i have to
constantly resist it welcome to episode 39 of the daily churn today is going to be a bit of a
special episode so the first part is going to be a recap of all the things that i churned in
december and december was quite a busy month despite the holidays there were just a lot of
credit card churns bank bonuses some brokerages a couple crazy updates on
the internet and a lot of things that i churned in december and december was quite a busy month
the cell phone's front meal kits discounts pretty much all the things even some freebies actually to
give away to you guys then the second half is something i've been pretty excited to do for at
least like a couple months now which is just a tally of all of the things that i churned throughout
2022 so the total number of accounts that were opened the amount of money that was earned from
all these bonuses the amount of points that were earned how many meal kits were eaten a breakdown
versus p2 earnings all of that good stuff wrapped up in the second half plus kind of a new tradition
that i started with last year's recap which is sort of just a review of how the podcast is doing
because the show has only been around for i think 18 ish months now i first started it in june of
2021 so it's fairly new and i know some folks are interested in how many listeners does the show
have like how many subscribers what's the most played episode which is actually a pretty surprising
episode given this is a training podcast all of that will be in the second part but to begin with
let's start with just the december recap
starting with credit cards the big one that posted for us was the morgan stanley amex platinum card
which is that one that i did an episode on i think in early december episode 38 on exactly how to
open this card and my p2 received the card and met the spend for it which was six thousand dollars
of spend for a hundred and fifty karat notes which is six thousand dollars of one pound a
in the second half sólo bent in the potential3 statement the initials for that quote is start
stop thereíll be a total of one hundred thousand dollars in vise versa but the final four Olympic
125,000 Amex points, plus she got about 8,000 Amex points from the spend itself. So we ended
up getting 133,000 membership reward points in December from that card. And I've gotten quite a
few emails and Reddit messages as well as comments on the site about this card. And there's been some
pretty positive data points, actually. I'm actually quite happy to see the positive DPs showing that
the methods described in the episode do work. That said, there were just as many negative data
points as positive data points. And of course, that's not great. But I think the way to think
about Morgan Stanley, though, is that Morgan Stanley really is very much like a car dealership.
It's going to be a very mixed bag when you go in as to what salesman you get. So some salesmen are
going to be very good, very helpful, and some are just not going to be good. They're going to be
rude.
And they're not going to want to help you. And the thing is, you're not doing anything wrong
by wanting this Morgan Stanley platinum card, just as you're not doing anything wrong by wanting
a car. But their sole job as salesman is to kind of assess how wealthy you appear, or in this case,
sound over the phone. Because Morgan Stanley is very much a traditional brokerage in that sense,
where they're all about establishing these relationships that are financially profitable
for them in the long run.
So if you call in and make it really clear that you're just here for the platinum card,
they may be less inclined to want to do business with you than if you call in and you sound like
somebody who is wealthy and that they want to establish a relationship with. The kind of joke
I made with my wife was that there's one advisor that I'd been chatting with about opening this
account. And I've sort of ghosted him because my wife was able to open the account without his help
through a different avenue.
And that's what I covered in that episode 38. But I haven't really been returning his calls. And he
keeps calling like every week and emailing being like, hey, do you still want to open this preferred
savings? We can make it happen whenever you're free. And the joke that came to my mind was like,
yeah, I should just call him back and be like, you know, man, sorry, I haven't gotten around to
returning a call. We just got back from Switzerland. You know, me and my friends were just
skiing up there. And it's been a hectic month of skiing. You know how it is just so busy.
And sadly, that's sort of the kind of attitude and relationship,
they're trying to foster. So that is something to keep in mind if you're calling in and you're
not having that much luck is that you may want to call back and get a different advisor. And this
time kind of think about it from their standpoint of who is someone that they want to establish
a relationship with. And I think you'll see a lot more success that way.
Then there was also a bunch of Chase Inc bonuses that posted in December. So really big month,
actually, for Chase, thanks to all the Black Friday spend, which helped me meet a lot of the
minimum spend requirements. And then there was also a bunch of Chase Inc bonuses that posted in
December. So we got 86,000 points from the Chase Inc Unlimited that posted for me. So 75k
plus 11k from the spend, then 82,000 points from the Chase Inc cash that also posted. So 75k plus
this time only 7,000 extra points from the spend. Then that Inc cash, I was also able to match to
the 90,000 points offer by sending Chase a message. P2 also got three Chase Inc referrals from me,
actually, from referring me to...
Various Inc cards and each of those referrals is worth 20,000. So she got
three of those from me. So 60,000. Some of those actually credited in my account in,
I think, October or November, but I forgot to count them because the Chase dashboard doesn't
make it easy to figure out when exactly someone used your referral and what date they used it.
There's no line item, weirdly, for that. But she got the 60k from referrals. Then I also got 40,000
Chase Inc points from two referrals, which I think were from listeners of the show.
So if you're one of those people, thank you very much for using the referral. Really appreciate it.
So tallying all that together ended up being 283,000 points from Chase in December. Very nice.
On top of that, I opened another Chase Inc cash in December, this time for my sole prop business.
And I was able to open that one directly for that 90,000 points offer for $6,000 of spend. So no
need to do any matching. The application itself, though, didn't go as smoothly as it usually went.
It didn't go into an instant approval. It actually went into pending. And after about a week,
it was auto approved. So I never had to call in to recon. But it was only approved for a $3,000
credit limit. If I had to guess why it was only a $3,000 credit limit and why it went into pending,
it's probably because I have too much business credit open with Chase through all of the various
Incs that I have. And so probably what happened was Chase saw that I had too much credit. So I
had to go into matching. And I had to go into matching. And I had to go into matching. And I
the person manually reviewing it had to approve the super low $3,000 credit limit.
So now I need to call in and have them move some of my credit limit from one of the other cards
over to this card, which is a super easy process. But just to avoid that in the future,
what I should have done is called first to reduce the credit limit on all of the open cards down to
just the bare minimum since I've already met spend for those. That way, hopefully,
I would have avoided the manual review part. And hopefully,
would have been instant approved. But all in all, it worked out in the end. I just had my P2
refer me again. So hopefully she'll get another 20,000 points in the future from that. And you
know, if you don't have a P2, I have some of my referral links on the website at thedailychurnpodcast.com.
If you use one of those, definitely let me know so I can give you a shout out during the next
episode. But otherwise, yeah, a pretty big month overall from Chase and Amex. So the 133,000 from
the Morgan Stanley card, 265,000 from the Chase Inks for a total of 416,000 points in December.
So pretty good. Half a million points in the month of December. Moving right on to banks.
Let's start with maybe Bank of America because that one didn't actually work out well for me,
which was that my P2 had gotten a targeted email saying, hey, open a new Bank of America
checking account, deposit $4,000 and we'll give you a $300 bonus. So a pretty good offer. But
during the application, she was denied due to her checks report. And I kind of feel like
maybe I jinxed this one a little bit because before she applied to that, like a week or two
before that, I had just done a phone consult with one of the listeners from the show who wanted some
advice about what cards to open and what kind of velocity to open them and that he was having some
checks issues and getting denied. And I was like, yeah, we never get checks problems. Pretty much
everything we apply for has been approved at the banks.
And of course, right after I tell him that a week or two later, my wife gets a checks denial. But I
think the trend is that with these bigger banks, not only will they run checks reports, but they're
also a lot more sensitive to how many checks inquiries you've had in the past. Whereas a lot
of these bank bonuses that we do are like the startup app banks who don't even pull your checks
report to begin with. Next up, there was DCU, which I think stands for Digital Federal Credit
Union. They seem to have left out an F in the...
acronym. But DCU was offering a $100 bonus if you join using someone else's referral link,
and the person referring gets $50. But on top of that, they allow you to fund with a credit card
up to $250. So not a huge amount, but it is still free credit card funding. And I love
free credit card funding that you don't have to get out of your seat for. And so both my wife and
I opened that account. And the only requirements were to make five transactions. And so I'd been
waiting for the...
debit card to arrive to make those transactions. But for whatever reason, like three weeks later,
the debit cards still haven't arrived. But then I realized that the five transactions can also be
just ACH transactions. And DCU uses Plaid. So you can just link, let's say your Chase or your
Ally account. And then just from the DCU side, initiate five $1 transactions over to your Chase
account. And those qualify. So super easy. And most surprisingly of all, the bonus posts,
within two days of making those five transactions. And I've got to say that's probably one of the
fastest bonus postings that I've ever seen for a bank, especially a credit union. Like we're still
waiting on our live oak bonuses from I think like three months ago. So two days is a really good
turnaround. So ended up getting $100 for me, $100 for my P2 for the signup bonus. I also got $50
for referring my P2. Then I also got four referrals. I think it was a combination of posting my referral
link on DOC in the referral thread. And then I think some of you guys check the tracker maybe
and use the referral link from the tracker. So if that was you, really appreciate you for doing that
because we ended up getting $250 total in referrals on top of the $200. So a total of $450
from DCU in December. Then I also got $20 from Laurel Road, which is their monthly bonus that
they pay out if you deposit $2,500. And it was fairly trivial just to
order the referral link from the referral thread. So I think some of you guys check the tracker
to see if it's worth it or not. So I think some of you guys check the tracker. So I think some of you guys
would have made a yo-yo of $2,500 in and out from Ally each month. Finally, there was Upgrade Bank
where I got my final three referrals from 2022 for $300 because each referral was $100. And I think
they've actually reduced referrals now down to $50 from 100. So if you use the app and you generate
a new link, it's going to show $50. But if you have one of the existing referral links, it still
shows $100. So I'm sure at this point, everyone under the sun who reads DOC is going to be like,
listen to this podcast or goes on Reddit has opened an upgrade checking account because it
was just an easy $100. But if you haven't yet, I still have my $100 referral link and it is still
showing $100 when I click through. So if that's you and you want to open it, I'll post my link
on the referral page on the website. So feel free to give it a try. All right. So tallying everything
up from the bank side of things, we had the $450 from DCU, $20 from Laurel Road and $300 from Upgrade
for a total of $770 from banks in December. Next up, we have brokerages. There was a $2,000
bonus from Public for my P2. And Public was the one that I had gotten the $2,000 bonus back in
November. And now P2 has gotten it in December. So really, really big bonus. They'd reduced it
down to $1,000 bonus for depositing $100K. And I think most recently now it's down to $600 for
depositing $100K. So if you're one of those brokers out there, I'm sure you'll be able to
lucky folks who got in at the $2,000 tier. Congrats on the fatty bonus. I think that's
probably one of the best brokerage bonuses that I've ever seen for that amount of a deposit.
And I even did a dedicated episode on Public a couple months ago. So hopefully a lot of you guys
were able to jump in on that. One thing I did see in the comments on DOC though, is there's a couple
folks concerned about like, is Public going to go out of business? Like how are they even making
money? And obviously I don't have any insight in that. But the good thing with Public is that they
are SPIC insured. So SPIC is like the brokerage equivalent of FDIC insurance. And with SPIC
insurance, your stocks are covered if the company goes out of business. So one thing you should
definitely do with your $2,000 bonus, because you do have to leave that bonus there for six months,
is to actually buy some stocks. Because if it's just in cash, I'm not 100% sure what happens
if Public goes out of business. Do you forfeit your bonus cash? But I do know if you buy stocks
with that cash, now you're protected for sure under SPIC. So what I usually buy is just SGOV or
BIL. Both are just short-term treasury funds that just don't really move. Like they go up by maybe
0.1% each month. So you might make a tiny bit in interest, but the main purpose of it
is so that you're holding stocks. So that's what we put the $2,000 bonus towards.
Moving right on to cell phones. Some crazy news happened in December with cell phones,
which was that Costco, which has those wireless phone booths. So if you ever be into a Costco,
they'll have these stands that sell cell service. And apparently those stands were actually owned
by a different company that contracted with Costco. And that company was called Wireless
Advocates. And that company just shut down completely in December without any warning.
They laid off all of their employees, I think 1,800 employees. And on top of that,
all of the rebates that people had coming in
through...
T-Mobile via Costco are now sort of in limbo. Because the way Costco phone sales worked was
that Costco would offer you their Costco shop cards, which are essentially like a gift card
for buying a phone. So they'd often have deals like buy one iPhone, get a second iPhone free.
And the way they give the second iPhone free is that they give you a $720 shop card. And all of
those rebates were processed through Wireless Advocates, which suddenly shut down and I think
filed for bankruptcy.
So what happens to all of those rebates that are pending? No one really knows. And I definitely
feel like I dodged a bullet there because I did an episode on churning iPhones. I think that was
episode 17. And a big part of that strategy was doing these bonus offers from Costco.
And this year during Black Friday, I was very close to doing another round of iPhone resells
via Costco T-Mobile. And if I'd done that, I would have had who knows how many rebates in this pending
limbo.
Finally, on the cell phone front, if you recall from the November recap, both my wife and I have
switched over from Visible to Mint because Mint was doing and I think is still doing a really good
deal on cell service. And so I ended up getting $15 for joining Mint using someone else's referral.
Then P2 also got $15 from using my referral. And I actually ended up getting $100 for referring P2
over to Mint, which usually it's only like $15 for a referral. So I ended up getting $15 for a referral.
But it ended up being $100 because Mint right now is doing a promo where if you refer someone
who's currently on Verizon or AT&T, you'll get $100 as an increased bonus. But the weird thing is
my P2 wasn't on Verizon or AT&T, she was on Visible. But I think they must be treating
Visible as Verizon because Verizon owns Visible. So I'm not sure if that's what they intended,
but I ended up getting $100. So if you have a P2 that's currently on Visible,
this could be a great time for you to actually join Mint and then refer them over to Mint as well
before January 15th to get that $100 increased bonus. Additionally, I think one of the listeners
from the November recap also joined Mint using my referral and I got the regular $45 from them
joining. So thanks for that because we ended up getting $175 total from Mint in December just from
these back and forth referrals. And I believe that Mint offer is still ongoing until January 15th,
where if you buy through Mint, you'll get $175. So I think that's a great time for you to actually
join Mint. So if you want to join Mint, be sure to do it before January 15th before that offer goes
away. All right, next up we have Milkits.
So we ended up getting a ton of Milkits coming in in December because there were just so many good
Black Friday join and reactivation offers happening with various Milkit companies.
So I think we had four or five different Milkit services scheduled to come in through December,
which honestly probably wasn't the best idea because with just weather delays,
it turned into a bit of a scheduling shit show where one box would be canceled or delayed.
So we'd have to reschedule it. But then the following week,
we already had another Milkit coming in. So you didn't want two boxes coming
at the same time. So it turned into a bit of a headache. And so I probably wouldn't recommend
coordinating like four different Milkit services at a time. But that said, all of December,
all of the food we were eating for dinner were from super discounted Milkits. So that worked
out pretty well. And yeah, now I have a bunch more Milkit codes that came in the box. I've got
three HelloFresh codes and three Green Chef codes. So if anyone wants a free HelloFresh,
or a free Green Chef box, just leave a comment and I'll email you the code.
And if I run out of codes, I think some listeners on the show have some codes as well that they
could maybe share. But just check the comments if you want them. And the way the codes work
is that essentially you need a new account. And by using the code, you'll get the first box free.
So I think Green Chef, it's a box up to $99. And with HelloFresh, I want to say it's a box up to
$65 because Green Chef just costs more. But that's usually good for like,
three or four meals fully covered. And that offer tends to be better than the referral codes that
you can generate yourself online, or the offers you see online where it's like,
join HelloFresh and get $200 off. Well, the $200 is split between the next five boxes.
So the first box, you're usually only getting like 50% off of your first box.
So the benefit with these codes is that now you actually get the full first box for free.
And because as churners, we don't usually keep it past the first box, having the discount be
spread out across five boxes is not very useful. But having all of that discount front loaded into
just the first box is great because you can get that first box for free, cancel, and then within
probably a few weeks to a few months, you'll get a reactivation offer from these meal kit companies
asking you to rejoin. And usually the reactivation offers are better than the signup offers.
So yeah, if you want a code, just leave a comment and I'll coordinate getting the codes out to
people who want them. Moving right on to freebies and discounts,
because sort of on the topic of giving things away, my free Peloton water bottles came.
And this was the deal where sometime before Black Friday, Peloton was doing a thing where you just
give them your email address and they'll send you a code to get the Peloton water bottle for free.
And that water bottle usually goes for $17 plus I think they charge $13 for shipping.
Instead, now you only pay $1 and the shipping is free. And it was a little bit of a mess because
I don't think they were expecting that.
Many people to sign up for the free water bottle because the codes took weeks to get sent out,
but they have eventually been sent out and my bottle actually came and it's actually
a pretty nice bottle. It's like a glass water bottle. And so I'm glad I got it. And P2 also
just got hers as well. And actually when they had signups open, I just used all of my burner
emails to sign up. And so now I've got like five extra water bottle codes, which I don't need
another five Peloton water bottles. Two is enough for us, but I've got,
five extra codes. If anyone wants a free, I mean, I guess $1 Peloton water bottle,
that's pretty nice. Same as the meal kit codes, just leave a comment and let me know. We'll just
do a first come first serve thing. And maybe we'll do it where you can just only ask for one code.
That way everyone can get something. But for the purposes of the December tally,
I won't count the discount that I got on the water bottle just because I wouldn't otherwise
get this if it wasn't for the fact that it was basically free. Next up with freebies and discounts,
I wanted to just kind of share a Target PSA because the Target red card $40 offers are back
now. So that just happened, I think in January. So we didn't get those in December, but it does
expire on January 14th. So I wanted to give you guys a heads up about it now so that you can get
in on it before it expires. And these Target red card offers are great because you can do them
every 90 days. And the benefit of doing them is that when you sign up, they send you a $40 coupon
that you can get in on it before it expires. And it's a great way to get in on it. So I wanted to
you can use in store and also online. So it ends up being worth $80 of free Target money.
The best part though, is that the Target red card has three different flavors. Now there's
the credit card, the debit card, and the reloadable card, which is a new thing they
introduced a few months back. So you should definitely not apply for the credit card
because that will affect your credit report and will count as a 524 slot, all terrible things.
But you should apply for the debit card because that won't go on your credit report. And now you
should also apply for the reloadable card because if you get approved for both the debit card and
the reloadable card, which are two separate products, two separate applications, you'll
end up getting two of those $40 coupons, which means essentially $80 times two. So $160 that you
can do every time one of these Target red card promos comes around, assuming it's been 90 days
since you last opened your other one. So luckily for me, I last opened the Target red card debit
card on October 5th. And I was able to get two of those coupons. So that's a great way to get
And so three months later, around January 3rd, like a few days ago, I canceled that card because
you do need to close that card first. And then a couple of days later, applied for and was approved
for the red card debit card. I also tried applying for the reloadable card, but unfortunately I was
instantly denied, likely because I had a serve card before that was shut down and it's run by
the same company on the backend. So they probably know if you've been shut down for serve or
bluebird before. And so I was denied for the Target reloadable. If you have no idea what serve or
bluebird or those things are, then you're probably good to apply, as was the case with my P2 because
she was approved for the reloadable card because she never had a serve shutdown before. So it ended
up being just me getting a new debit card and then her getting that reloadable card. Just a quick
reminder too, though, that if you're applying for both P1 and P2 for the debit card, be sure to use
a different computer, ideally a different IP address, and then you'll be able to get the
IP address and even more ideally, wait a day between P1's application and P2's application
because Target has some weird checks that may cause your P2's application to go into pending
and never get approved if you both do it on the same day using the same computer with the same
IP address. Moving back to churns that actually happened in December, there was the annual
TurboTax sale that happens every year on Amazon and also on Costco, which it
usually ends up happening a day or two after Christmas. And it's usually the best sale of
the year. So instead of it costing like $130 for TurboTax business, they discounted it to I think
$75 plus you get a $10 Amazon gift card. Costco is also doing a similar deal, but the $10 gift card
was TurboTax credit instead of an Amazon gift card. So not really that useful. So the real play
was buying it on Amazon. And I know a lot of folks, including myself,
have a reminder each year after Christmas to go buy TurboTax on Amazon because it is the best deal
of the year. And some people use like Camel, Camel, Camel to do the automated notifications
for when it goes on sale. But yeah, all in all, I love using TurboTax. Say what you want about
their parent company, I get it. But from a tax accounting software perspective, I think TurboTax
really is the best product out there if you're doing it yourself. It's really good for the more
complex scenarios like businesses and single-family businesses. And I think TurboTax is really good for
single-member LLCs and sole props and pass-through entities and all that stuff. So yeah, I've been
using TurboTax for years and we saved $65 by buying it during their annual sale because we
would have and have in the past paid full price for TurboTax business. Next up on the freebies
and discounts, we also bought another Sugarfina advent calendar to send as a gift. Because the
thing with advent calendars is they start on December 1st. So usually right on December 1st,
these advent calendars go,
into super sale mode because it's like buying Halloween candy after Halloween, right?
So we had previously bought this thing for $60 as gifts. Then during Black Friday,
it dropped to $42 and we bought more as gifts. On December 1st, all the sites like Saks Fifth
Avenue, Neiman Marcus, Bloomingdale's all dropped it down to $22 because this Sugarfina advent
calendar is like a premium advent calendar. That's why it's being sold at these retailers.
And it's really nice. If you're used to buying those $2,
$3 advent calendars from Trader Joe's, doing a premium advent calendar really kind of builds up
the hype for Christmas. But the trick here really is maybe gift it to your friends and relatives
like a couple of days late because now you're getting them at 60, 70% off. And honestly,
no one really cares about getting an advent calendar five days late because now you can
eat five days worth of candy in one day. So it's sort of a win-win for everyone. But yeah,
in December, we got another one of those and saved another $20.
Also had a $5 off of $5 of spend at any grocery store. And that was on most of their credit
cards. So many people had it on multiple Chase cards. In our case, we had it on five of our
Chase cards. And so we were able to use that offer five times, which literally just saved $25
at the grocery store. Chase was also doing $10 off of three DoorDash offers if you had a Chase
Sapphire card, which is a pretty good discount if you can keep your order like around $20,
or under because it essentially covers the delivery fee, taxes, tip, and saves you a bit
of money on the food itself. But yeah, we were able to use that three times in December for
another $30 of savings. There was also Apple Music for four months for free for both returning
and new subscribers. If you just bought the free item on bestbuy.com, I think that one's still
around. So I'll have links to everything we discuss here on the dailychurnpodcast.com in
the show notes. But yeah, you can just go on Best Buy,
add the free item to your cart, and you get four months of Apple Music for free. And if you already
have Apple Music, just cancel Apple Music and then sign up using the free discount code. I won't
count it though, because I really just wouldn't get Apple Music if it wasn't for the fact that
it was free. On the topic of free music, SiriusXM is also doing a free three-month trial that can
be churned. And I think this has been around forever, but I only just found out about it
recently because we got a new car back in August.
There's a couple episodes on our experience at the car dealership, which is pretty crazy,
but that car came with SiriusXM that just expired. So I was trying to find a way to
get SiriusXM for free. And yeah, this is the surefire way of doing it. We now have SiriusXM
for another three months. Again, like Apple Music, I probably won't count it though,
just because we would never actually pay for SiriusXM, but it is nice to have when it's free.
Let's see, we've got more discounts. So studentbeans.com.
Student and then beans like the vegetable is a site that gives you discounts to various retailers
if you have a .edu email address. So I'd never heard of this website before, but just browsing
it, there's actually a lot of retailers where they're offering pretty decent discounts. There's
H&M on there, some random things, I think GoPro. We ended up using it because Govee, which is a
company that makes mood lighting, kind of like Philips Hue, but cheaper. I was trying to find
discounts for Govee and studentbeans.com.
Studentbeans came up because they give you a 12% discount on Govee. And the way it works is once
you verify you're a student, studentbean literally just gives you a discount code that you can use
on Govee.com. So you're now able to stack that with cashback portals and all these other kinds
of things. So with these Govee lights, I was literally in the checkout process about to pay
$180 when I found this. So we ended up saving 12%, which was $20 of free money that I would
have paid otherwise.
For those of you reading the Doctor of Credit blog, you probably also saw that
Dell was also offering a $25 free credit if you link an Alienware account. And so all you have
to do is sign up for Alienware, which is actually owned by Dell, and then link that over to Dell,
and you get $25 free, which I got. And it's kind of a nice supplement to your annual Dell credits
if you have an Amex Business Platinum card. Or if you don't, $25, there's a lot of cheap,
useful things.
You can buy. And in our case, I just got a nice flash drive that I was going to buy anyway for
free because it was like $26. Some people were trying to buy Xbox gift cards with that $25
because that is one of the main ways people use their Dell credits with the Amex Business Platinum
is buying these Xbox gift cards. But a lot of those orders were getting canceled. And that's
always been the case with buying Xbox gift cards on Dell is there's a good chance your order gets
canceled because Dell has sort of...
flagged these kinds of orders. But if you actually bought something real, like a flash drive,
those for the most part went through. So yeah, I got $25 free from Dell.
Starbucks via PayPal was also offering one of their little bonuses again, where if you reload
$10 into your Starbucks account via PayPal, then PayPal gives you an extra $5. So it ends up being
like 50% off of a $10 reload. And it worked for me, but weirdly, it didn't credit for P2.
I'm just too lazy to contact PayPal over $5 because their customer service is always super slow.
So yeah, just $5 for me from Starbucks in December.
So tallying up all of the freebies and discounts in December, there was that $65 from TurboTax,
$20 from Sugarfina, $25 in free Chase groceries, $30 off of DoorDash, $20 from that student bean
Govee discount, $25 of free Dell Alienware credits, $5.
Then tallying everything together for December, we've got $133,000 Amex points
from that Morgan Stanley Platinum, $283,000 Chase points from those Chase Inks for a total of
416,000 points from credit cards, then $770 from banks from DCU, Laurel Road and Upgrade,
$2,000 from brokerages.
Thanks to Public, $175 from Mint, and $190 from various discounts and freebies for a total of
$3,135 plus 416,000 points.
Really great month.
I mean, just way over my $1,000 a month target that I go for with these churns.
And I think this might be the biggest month so far that I've had from a points earning perspective.
I don't think I've had a month yet where I've earned almost half a million points
in one month.
And I guess if you convert those points into dollars, this is probably my biggest month
ever because at minimum, I try and get 1.5 cents per point.
So 400,000 points is worth at least $6,000.
So if you add that to the $3,000 of cash, it's like over $9,000 from churning in December.
So really great way to end the year.
And I'm happy the holidays didn't slow things down too much.
All right.
Now for the part I've been really excited to do,
which is the 2022 end of year summary for churns.
And I had a lot of fun actually compiling these numbers because I sort of surprised
myself a little bit with how much was churned in 2022.
Because it's the first year that I've tracked everything to this level of detail.
Because 2021, I started the podcast in June.
And so I try to compile what happened in the first six months.
But this time around for 2022, every month has been meticulously tracked thanks to the podcast.
So tallying everything up was quite insightful.
And yeah, it was a pretty amazing year.
There were 215 separate churns across banks, brokerages and crypto, cell phones, credit cards,
deals, discounts and freebies, mail kits, and shopping portals.
So all of those were a line item in my spreadsheet,
which if you want the more detailed version with tables and graphs,
I'm going to have all of that in the show notes on the website.
But kind of a summary, from those 215 churns, I got $32,454.
So over $32,000 from those, plus 300,000 Amex points, 541,000 Chase points,
and 140,000 Southwest points for a total of 981,000 points.
So almost hit the million points mark, but just a little bit off.
And of that $32,000,
$15,000, so basically 50% of it came from banks,
20% of it came from brokerages, 20% of it came from credit cards,
and the rest were shopping portals, discounts and freebies, and cell phones.
Yeah, pretty crazy to view it like that.
Because when I'm doing these month by month,
I kind of don't realize how much is being accumulated
until the end of the year when we tally everything up.
But yeah, some of the highlights, let's see.
Banks, I think the big winners were Huntington,
and Chase.
So Huntington had those $1,000 bonuses for opening a business account.
Chase also had the $750 bonuses for opening a business account.
Brokerages, I mean, the highlight obviously was Public,
because both myself and P2 got $2,000 a piece just for transferring stocks over to Public.
Credit cards, Chase, Inks are just killing it this year.
I mean, now that they've made it 90,000 points for $6,000 of spend,
things have really escalated with Chase, Inks.
I think it's probably the best credit card to open currently, from a points perspective.
Then with cell phones, just getting a ton of cheap self-service through Visible and Mint,
versus back when we used to pay like $200 a month for our premium Verizon service.
Now we're down to like $10 a month between the two of us.
Shopping portals, really went hard on those this year.
I mean, pretty much the mantra here is just rack a ton, everything.
You know, have browser extensions and everything should be getting there.
You're getting cash back.
I mean, $2,000 of that $32,000 was from just shopping portals.
And so, yeah, it costs you nothing to have these extensions on your browser.
Then, yeah, deals, discounts and freebies.
This is the first year where I've started tracking them.
I think I only actually started tracking them in September,
but a couple of pretty big highlights there were just getting that Amazon 55-inch
Omni TV for $100 during Prime Day.
That was huge because we love that TV and we're still using it now and churning
it red cards. I know a lot of you guys have been in on this for years,
but finally realizing that there's a debit card version and now a reloadable card
version that doesn't affect your credit score essentially means you're getting
like $80 free every three months or so or $160 if you have a P2 as well.
And of course, there's all the meal kit
subscriptions, which actually aren't even included in that $32,000 because it's
sort of hard to quantify how much you're actually making or saving with a meal kit.
So I've actually just been tracking these
in a separate spreadsheet since, I think, March, where it kind of just tells me,
you know, which ones we've signed up for, when to cancel these, how much it cost.
And of the 215 churns, 35 of those were sign ups and reactivations
through meal kits between myself and P2 because, you know,
there's so many meal kit companies you can churn.
We did Daily Harvest, Gobble, Factor 75, Green Chef, Hello Fresh, Blue Apron, Sun
Basket, Freshly, Home Chef.
I'm sure I'm missing a couple, but most of those have great sign up offers.
And then when you cancel, they send you reactivation offers.
So really good year for meal kits because with each of these boxes that we get from
meal kits, it's as low as like two dinners for two in a box.
But as many as like 18 dinners in a box,
like if you do Factor 75, they'll send you 18 dinners.
But honestly, I was a bit too lazy to count all of these individually to figure out
exactly how many meals we got delivered.
But kind of a conservative estimate, I would say, is that each line,
each one of those 35 line item churns was probably five meals for two.
So 35 times five is 175 dinners for two people.
So basically half the year, at least we were eating meal kits that we got for super cheap.
And, you know, in terms of savings, like we always try to stay under
$8 a meal for two people, otherwise we wouldn't sign up for that meal kit.
I think we're closer to maybe $5 a meal for two.
So 175 meals times $5 is $875 total to feed two people dinner for half the year,
which when I look at it that way, just totally blows my mind.
Because back in the day when we were both working before FIRE,
there were months where we would easily spend more than $875
eating out.
In one month.
But now that covers dinner for six months.
But yeah, once you factor that in, it's like $32,000 of cash from churning,
plus a million points, plus food for six months of the year.
I'm definitely pretty happy with that.
And for those of you who are like listening to this and are thinking, well,
I'm just a single player, you know, I don't have a spouse, I don't have a P2.
How feasible is this for me to do?
How much money would I make?
Is it even worth doing if it's just me?
I also calculated that.
Because thankfully I could pivot table everything and I'll have these tables
again up on the site.
But yeah, if we look at just P1, so just me without a P2, I got $20,490
in cash from churning, plus 288,000 points.
So two thirds of the cash churns actually just came from me.
But the weird thing is two thirds of the point churns actually came from my P2.
The reason that happened was sort of more
of a choice, like I chose to open the Southwest cards for P2 so that P2 would
have the companion pass, you can totally just open that card for yourself instead.
And then also chose to open the Morgan
Stanley card for P2 instead of myself and without those, if we just shifted those
over to P1, it would have been more like a 50 50 split when it comes to points,
which makes sense, right? Because with one player,
you're essentially opening half as many credit cards.
So I think if we shift some of those things over in one player,
mode, we would have gotten more like 20,000 in cash and five hundred thousand
points by myself, which I still would have been really happy with that.
But of course, having a P2 did help boost things up.
Another question that sometimes comes up is like, hey, you have a podcast.
You must get a ton of referrals.
You know, I don't have a podcast.
So can I expect to churn this amount without these referrals?
Is it worth doing if I can't get a lot of referrals?
First off, just thank you, everyone who's been supporting
the show by using these referral links like it really does help a lot.
And I've been pretty open, I think, about just how many referrals I get.
Like I publicly track every referral that I get and I share them on the recap.
And, you know, I definitely believe in transparency when it comes to that stuff.
And there's a table I actually compiled that's in the show notes as well,
where you can kind of see the breakdown and out of the thirty two thousand
dollars, seven thousand dollars of that were from referrals across banks and
brokerages and cell phones and credit cards.
And out of the million points, one hundred and forty thousand points were also
from referrals. But one caveat with those numbers is that it does include my P2 and
I referring each other back and forth.
And I think the majority of those one hundred and forty thousand points were
actually just us to referring inks to each other, which is really one of the great
benefits of having a P2. Then I think out of the seven thousand, a good chunk of that also does
just come from me posting my referral link on DOC, which anyone can do.
You know, I think some folks like Gadget on DOC, they're really helpful in the DOC
comments when it comes to bank bonuses. And so he'll also post his referral link
and people use this referral link and, you know, anyone can do that.
Right. You don't need to have a podcast to do that,
but it does take some time for you to be helpful versus just like spamming your
referral link on DOC. So I think once you factor in like the P1, P2 referrals and the DOC
referrals, the seven thousand is probably more like three to four thousand.
That's directly due to the podcast, which is still pretty awesome.
Right. I'm still very happy and grateful for those extra bonuses.
But in the grand scheme of things, it's probably not that much.
It's like 10 percent of the earnings came from referrals.
So I think if you were to try and go it alone with just yourself and P2,
you could still very easily get twenty eight thousand dollars just from your own
efforts without having to spin up a podcast.
So.
I think the real TLDR, though, is that single churners probably have it the hardest.
Like having a P2 makes a way bigger
difference than even things like having a podcast or having referrals.
So if you're somehow able to convince or
drag your spouse into the game or start dating another churner, I mean,
I think that is the ideal scenario when it comes to making money from churning
that or starting a churning podcast. But I think that's actually a pretty good segway
into the final piece, which is just, you know, how is the show doing?
Like a roundup of the podcast itself?
I know some folks are interested in some of the data and the stats.
And for those of you that are new to the show and didn't get a chance to listen
to the recap from last year, the quick kind of catch up is that this show I started
back in June of twenty twenty one just because my wife and I had recently fired.
And so I had more time to pursue hobbies like starting a podcast.
And my sort of rough philosophy for starting it was really just like, hey,
it'd be nice to have a podcast on while I was churning.
So just something in the background
to listen to, preferably about churning while I was churning.
And so that was the idea that I had in mind.
And, you know, part of my philosophy with how I share these things when it comes
to churning is to make as much of it public and accessible as possible,
because I know it can be a pretty tough hobby sometimes.
But I think it's really important to break into, particularly some of the
communities where things are kept more obfuscated on purpose because it is kind
of a delicate balance between spoon feeding people where a lot of these deals
get overused and die off quickly versus keeping things a little more hidden
and making people work for it a little bit more.
I think luckily this podcast seems to actually be a pretty good platform for it
because everything is in audio format.
So.
There's a barrier like you can't really Google the contents of this podcast,
but for that same reason, no Googling also means that growth for the show is
actually a lot slower because, you know, for example, if you take sites like Doctor
of Credit, where most of the readers come in through search engines like Google,
like I think Doctor of Credit and, you know, correct me if I'm wrong,
DOC, if you guys are listening to this, but I think you guys get upwards
of one hundred thousand visitors a month just from like organic
search engine traffic. Right.
And that means then that you can do things like run ads on your site,
which helps you generate revenue to keep things going for podcasts, though,
like mine, The Daily Churn, the site is sort of secondary to the audio stuff.
Right. So the website, I think, gets maybe like two thousand visitors a month,
just a tiny fraction of what blogs get.
And that's expected because the content is in audio format, not in text on the site.
Although actually, since I added that
live churn tracker that shows all the things that I'm churning in real time onto
the site, that's actually helped bring more people to the site, which I think is
a good thing because then people help each other in comments and all that good stuff.
So I think that churn tracker was a good addition from that perspective.
But ultimately, from like a podcast
standpoint, unless you're Tim Ferriss or Joe Rogan, you're not really going to make
money from doing a podcast unless you're already famous.
So podcasts generally, though, outside of being a celebrity,
are notoriously hard to grow, like most people find this show through word of mouth.
I genuinely appreciate it when people tell their friends about this show because
that's where most people come to the show from and that's where most of the growth comes from.
I think there's also like a handful of people that have found the show just
from Apple or Spotify recommending the show to them.
So that's where sometimes I try and
encourage people if they enjoy the show to like leave a rating or review on Apple
or Spotify, because I think that helps tell the algorithm gods to recommend this
show to other people after they're done listening to a similar show.
Because I know some folks found the show
from listening to All the Hacks or Risk of Ruin or Geo Breeze Travel, like all
excellent podcasts, by the way, which are on my regular rotation.
You should definitely check those out.
But yeah, between word of mouth and people rating the show and Spotify recommending,
that's pretty much the only way
you get new listeners. But the TLDR, and I often get questions about this,
is that the show does not make any money directly.
You know, there's not even like sponsored
ads on this show because it's a churning podcast.
So I can't really fathom who would want
to sponsor an ad about us churning their account that they're promoting.
So that avenue, which I think is how most
podcasts make money, is by, you know, shilling Athletic Greens.
Athletic Greens would never want to go on the show because I
would just tell them how you can churn Athletic Greens, which is also actually
possible, but that's a topic for a different episode.
But this is probably why there are no
other churning focused podcasts that I'm aware of.
Like, I think this may be the only one.
But on my end, luckily, thanks to the fact
that my wife and I are doing the fire thing, I have free time and I can just do
this for fun. And of course, getting referrals from folks
sometimes is also very much appreciated and very nice and always a good surprise.
But ultimately, for me, the one of the big motivators for doing
the show is that I do very much believe that churning is a viable way to help
achieve or sustain fire, financial independence, retire early.
Like churning fire, I think, is at least as viable as barista fire,
which is where you fire, but you're still working like a low effort job like
Starbucks, which I don't even know if that's true anymore because Starbucks
baristas look very overworked every time I go to a Starbucks.
But that's sort of the
general concept. And yeah, maybe in 2023, I'll try and do some more churning fire
focused content despite having more free time to do things like the show.
One of the things that I do very much try to do is kind of maintain more of a
balance. And I kind of mentioned this in that Risk of Ruin interview that I did
about a year ago where it's really like a constant struggle not to turn churning or
this podcast into a full time job.
Because I'm wired to go all in on things.
So it can be very easy to get sucked in because there's always things to be
churned so you can easily spend 40 hours a week doing that.
And I have to constantly resist the urge to, like, push out a new episode every
week and do a bunch of marketing or growth stuff to try and get more listeners and
all of that, because my business brain is screaming at me all the time for all
the opportunities that I'm missing and all
the things that I could be doing.
But honestly, it's taken me a long time to learn this.
But the quickest way to kill the joy
in something is to turn it into a real business.
Like I've chased money before.
And as cliche as it sounds, money does not in the end buy happiness.
It's why we did the fire thing instead of staying at our startups and our tech jobs.
And I actively have to try not to turn the podcast into that kind of a thing.
So all of that to say that
the stats that I'm about to share are just fun facts.
You know, they're fun stats.
We're not going super hard on this thing.
And the goal isn't to turn this into the next four hour churn week.
So starting with just plays, since the podcast was launched in June 2021,
there have been 80,000 plays so far total over 18 months.
And so each episode gets on average about 2,000 plays. Subscribers, there are 1,500
that I could count across Apple, Spotify and Google podcasts.
I think it might be closer to maybe 2,000 if you count all of the various smaller
platforms that people use to listen to shows that aren't Apple, Spotify and Google.
But yeah, roughly 1,500 to 2,000.
Then on the newsletter, which is something I host myself on the website,
there's 953 subscribers as of me recording this episode in early January.
So, yeah, it has grown quite a bit.
But from where it was when I did the last end of year recap for 2021,
because I think back then there were maybe 100 subscribers on the newsletter and
maybe a few hundred followers total across the various podcasting platforms.
So really happy with how things are going,
especially considering I don't really do any marketing for the show because I don't
enjoy doing marketing the way I kind of look at the numbers is the same way I
looked at it last year, which is, you know, just imagine you're in your town
and you put up a poster that you're going to do a conference or something about churning.
If 100 people show up to your talk about it, I think you'd be pretty stoked.
And so I was pretty stoked back then a year ago.
And I'm still very pleased and surprised
that 2000 people are now coming to these talks and are finding enough value in
them that they come back for every episode.
And the funny thing, actually, with these stats is that apparently this show,
The Daily Churn, is in the top
two to three percent of podcasts worldwide.
So I thought that number was like wrong or at least very surprising.
But the way it kind of pans out is that if you have a thousand plays per episode,
you're basically in the top five percent of podcasts.
If you have three thousand or more plays
per episode, you're in the top one percent of podcasts.
And the reason for it is that there are just a lot of graveyard shows like
the majority of the shows out there don't have very many listeners.
Don't have very many episodes and just kind of died off, you know,
after a few episodes or like no one's really listening to this.
So now it's in like the podcast graveyard.
And those numbers are why you only need a
couple thousand plays per episode to be in the top two to three percent.
So the TLDR really with podcasts, if that's something that you want to pursue,
is that, hey, just stick with it and you'll probably hit the top five percent eventually.
Most people don't stick with it.
Most people give up after a few episodes.
So on that note, I thought I'd end it with a bit of a game, a pop quiz,
which is what do you guys think are the three most listened episodes of the show?
And I'll give you a second to kind of mull it over.
So there's been thirty nine episodes so far.
Eighty thousand plays each episode gets about two thousand plays on average.
Yeah. What are the top three?
Take a guess.
My hint is that it's actually a little surprising which one is the top one.
All right.
So the top episode that's been streamed sixty eight hundred times.
So three to four times as much as the
average episode is the episode on A&A First and Business.
It's surprising because this is mostly a churning podcast.
I do cover some award travel stuff,
but the A&A one is definitely very heavy on award travel bookings.
And I think part of why it's popular is because it's sharing some hacks for booking
A&A.
It's not something that no one has ever talked about before online.
And so usually when you reveal information like that, it gets some popularity.
And I think maybe some blogs or people have talked about it elsewhere or linked to it.
The second most popular episode is actually
the February recap for some reason with thirty two hundred plays.
No idea why.
And then the third most is tied between the employer dark deposit episode,
which makes sense because as churners, you've got to have good employer dark
deposits.
And it's tied with the Morgan Stanley episode at twenty nine hundred plays total.
But the Morgan Stanley episode just came out a month ago.
So the employer DD one came out back in July, I think.
So the Morgan Stanley one is probably the winner here.
The rising star of the episodes.
And again, similar to the A&A one, I think it's because it shares some
techniques that are completely new and you can't really get elsewhere.
But it definitely helps to when other blogs link to the episodes,
because I think the A&A first one and the Morgan Stanley one were mentioned
in the MilesEarnandBurn.com blog, which I think helped spread the word a little bit.
And there's not that many churning blogs besides DOC.
So if you're looking for another one,
MilesEarnandBurn, I think is a pretty good one to add.
Then similarly, the same episodes kind of show up as the most commented episodes
to like the Morgan Stanley one actually takes the prize here as the one with the
most comments, because I think there's a lot of people
just sharing data points and asking questions because it is kind of a complex
process. And then number two is the A&A first in business for similar reasons.
Like a lot of people had questions about
how do I go about booking my specific award itinerary?
And number three were September and October recaps.
And I think those had a lot of comments
because folks were requesting and sharing the codes for the free meal kit boxes.
So it's been really nice to see that the show is finally at a big enough size.
Now, where there's a bit of a community
forming and people are helping each other out in the comments and stuff like that.
So, yeah, I'd be pretty happy, honestly,
if it just stayed this size because too much growth might actually cause issues
in the future where deals are kind of getting killed,
which is sort of what happened with the churning subreddit.
So anyways, we'll cross that bridge when we get there.
But overall, it's been a good year and I'm excited to do it again for 2023.
And yeah, that's it for this mega recap episode.
We'll be back in February for the start
of season three and the first January recap of 2023.
The episode might be a little bit delayed
just because I'm going to Japan with some friends after a three year hiatus due
to COVID, they like finally reopened and we were able to book our first class
ANA tickets for the entire group that I've been rescheduling for literally three
years now and so pretty excited for that, but also mildly nervous
because the last time I was in Japan in 2020, right before COVID,
I ended up spending four days in jail there, which you can find that story.
And I think the the high globalist episode.
But yeah, I'm not sure how much trouble they'll give me at passport control
because Japan is pretty strict about the the criminal record thing.
But we shall see.
Hopefully I'm able to enter and return in time for the February episode.
But otherwise, I hope everyone had a great New Year's.
And if you want to get notified when that
episode comes out, be sure to join the newsletter at the dailychurnpodcast.com.
Thanks for tuning in. See ya.
