yeah once you work around those things this is easily i think one of the best
food deals out there outside of meal kits which is why i've been really excited to do this episode
and also because i don't see anyone talking about this anywhere like i did not know this
existed at all until we discovered this back in december
hey everyone welcome to the daily churn this is episode 40 of the new season season 3 and i know
it's been a couple months since i recorded one of these episodes but today we're gonna
do something a little bit different which is a short and sweet deep dive into a hack at mcdonald's
that my wife and i have been using every week for the last couple of weeks and we're going to
do something a little bit different which is a short and sweet deep dive into a hack at mcdonald's
for i want to say the last three four months so yeah we've been going to mcdonald's every week
since december except for when we were out on vacation but before we get into that i wanted
to share a quick update on what's been going on with me over the last couple months because i know
there's some uh some rumors online that maybe i was uh re-jailed in japan on our recent visit and
i want to just dispel that by saying luckily we were able to get in and out of japan totally fine
i mean we did have
some hiccups at the airport in tokyo at border control because now when i go to japan i have to
check that checkbox that says have you ever been found guilty of a crime and i was convicted of a
crime in japan in 2020 it was a traffic accident but i still had to check that checkbox which
resulted in me spending an hour in a back room at the airport while they reviewed the crime and
just made sure i wasn't some dangerous criminal you know and if you haven't heard the jail story
yet where i spent four days in jail and then another 10 days in hotel arrest in japan in 2020
right before the pandemic i posted that story on reddit and i'll share a link to that in the show
notes at the dailychurnpodcast.com but all in all we were able to make it in and it was a great trip
we spent about three weeks there myself my wife and like 10 to 12 of our friends came so we all
flew first in business class on a and a in japan and then we stayed at the park high in niseko and
the park high at tokyo where i was able to get in and out of japan and i was able to get in and out of
japan where i had five i think guest of honor rooms booked so that we'd all have globalist
benefits like upgrades and free breakfast and yeah i mean it was a pretty crazy churner trip
because i think between the 12 of us we probably spent like 2 million points across chase and amex
to to pull off that that trip and yeah if you know folks are curious i can do a trip report
episode on on what exactly we did how the trip went and how we did those bookings and i thought
about doing that for today's episode and i'm going to do that for the rest of the show
i was kind of torn between a trip report or doing like a monthly recap and with the recap i ended up
deciding i'll just do a recap at the beginning of april that will recap january february and march
and all the things i churned in those three months kind of like a quarter one recap and i'd meant to
do one of these episodes back in early february like when we got back from japan but what ended
up happening was essentially right when we got back i got sick and it was probably a combination
of just the jet lag and i was kind of torn between a trip report or doing like a monthly recap and
the airplane and the airport and the time change and all that stuff yeah i i got a cold thought i'd
get over it pretty quick but that turned into bronchitis and yeah i've just been sick continuously
now for like the last five or so weeks and i finally ended up doing like a telemedicine
appointment and and getting antibiotics and steroids and so things are definitely improving
but if you notice my voice sounding a little different i've still got a bit of a sore throat
that i'm getting over and a cough as well but for those wondering if you've heard about the
it wasn't covid i've been testing myself pretty regularly just to make sure but yeah just the
traditional cold that escalated you know i guess just with the pandemic and all the masking and all
these precautions i just haven't gotten the cold in like three four years so i had no immunity to
the cold apparently and it turned into bronchitis because i also have asthma and so yeah yeah that
was um how i basically spent february and and part of march is just being at home sick and it was
nice taking a break and i was like oh my god i'm gonna be okay i'm gonna be okay i'm gonna be okay
but it's also nice now to kind of get back into the swing of things and and make a new episode and
so the episode i was most excited about is this mcdonald's one because we've now been going to
mcdonald's every week and just a quick i guess health disclaimer because i'm sure i'm gonna get
some flack for this which is that hopefully as a result of this episode uh you don't end up going
to mcdonald's every day even though you could with these deals on our end the way we kind of
think about it is you know we eat pretty healthy during the week we like our healthy food we do a
lot of meal kits a lot of them are vegan and vegetarian but once a week like we're pretty
down to have a cheat day and having one meal out of your 20 meals a week be a mcdonald's probably
isn't the worst for you for me personally i just have very fond memories of mcdonald's from my
childhood you know we used to get that as a treat the happy meals and later big macs and then in
college it was
the dollar menu just a couple double cheeseburgers and a mcchicken and a drink for like
five bucks and that was my meal most days as a poor college student who didn't know how to cook
for himself but since then i think probably like most people listening to this show right now
we just haven't gone to mcdonald's that much these days it's been mostly like a road trip thing or
it's early in the morning and we're gonna go snowboarding and nothing else is open at 7 a.m
so you get the mcdonald's breakfast meals and that's sort of the way it's been for me
part of the frequency that we've been going to mcdonald's over the past decade until we discovered
that mcdonald's has some crazy deals every day via their app and the way we discovered this was that
if you recall in december this was posted on doctor of credit and slick deals mcdonald's was
doing a season of savings where every week leading up to christmas each day they had different deals
and some of those deals were like buy one get one big max or get a dollar for one dollar and then
double cheeseburger for 50 cents. And those are pretty good because if you haven't been to
McDonald's recently, McDonald's now is pretty expensive. The dollar menu doesn't really exist
anymore. I mean, a double cheeseburger, I think is over $3 now and the chicken's like $2.50.
If you want to do like a breakfast thing where you get a McMuffin, a hash brown and orange juice,
that's like $8 for a meal. If you just want to get like a Big Mac meal, it's like $10 now for
a Big Mac meal. Like McDonald's is no longer the cheapest fast food option. So a lot of people
were excited by this season of savings thing that they were doing in December because, hey,
you can get a buy one, get one on a Big Mac. That's a great deal. A 50 cent cheeseburger,
awesome deal. There are people on the Slick Deals thread, which had thousands of comments.
There are people like, well, I'm going to go to McDonald's and buy 100 of these 50 cent double
cheeseburgers and just freeze them and eat them over the next month. If you're not on Slick Deals,
the Slick Deals crowd can sometimes be a little crazy when it comes to being frugal and maximizing
these deals to the greatest extent possible. So I was pretty excited about the season of
savings thing, but was immediately tripped up because I downloaded the app and I clicked the
link and I couldn't see any of these deals that they were offering. And it turns out the way the
McDonald's app works is very convoluted. They have made it so that they've geo-fenced,
deals to McDonald's locations. So you won't see these McDonald's deals until you're physically
at or very close to a McDonald's. So if you just download the app now and you click the deals tab,
it'll ask you to create an account. And so you create the account and you'll see a few deals
on there and they're kind of crappy. It's like you can get a coffee of any size for 99 cents.
Okay, that's cool. You can get a free double cheeseburger when you buy another double
cheeseburger. I mean, that's fine. You can get a free double cheeseburger when you buy another double
but it's like $3.50 for a double cheeseburger. So you're getting two double cheeseburgers for $3.50,
which is like, okay, but not the most amazing thing and probably not enough to make you want to go
drive to a McDonald's. But as it turns out, the way the best deals activate and the way those
season of savings deals activated was once you're physically near the McDonald's, you can now see
the deals in your app. When you're not near, you literally can't see them. And so we did some of
the season of savings deals. And we did some of the season of savings deals. And we did some of
the season of savings deals. And it didn't turn out to be as amazing as some folks on Slick Deals
thought it might be because another restriction of the app is that you can only redeem one deal
every 15 minutes. And each unique deal can only be done once per day. So you can't go and buy
100 cheeseburgers for 50 cents when they're offering it because you can only get one
cheeseburger. So really what these were, were doorbuster deals. You go in, you get a cheeseburger
for 50 cents, but now you're going to go buy other things at McDonald's.
Like French fries and a drink for full price. So it was an okay promo and it got better or worse
depending on which day of the week you went. Because some of the days they offered a buy one,
get one Big Mac. And that's a great deal, right? You spend $5 on a Big Mac and you get a second
one for free. So two Big Macs for $5. But they would only offer that during the season of savings
on like a Monday, once per week. And so you really have to time it and think about it. And you know,
it's a lot of mental effort and energy to kind of plan your McDonald's trip.
But since then, after the season of savings ended, we happened to be near McDonald's in early
January. And we're like, all right, let's see what deals they have in the app. And that's when we
discovered that McDonald's actually has daily deals in the app that you can only see when you're
near a McDonald's. And those daily deals are better than pretty much every deal that was being offered
during their big promo season of savings event. Because every day,
you can see what deals they have in the app. And that's when we discovered that McDonald's actually
can get a buy one, get one free on a Big Mac or quarter pounder or double cheeseburger.
And additionally, they have other deals that weren't even available during the season of
savings. So really what it ended up being was that the season of savings deals were worse
than just the daily deals that you can get at McDonald's. And what was even worse was during
season of savings, it overrode all of the regular deals that you would regularly be able to see
at McDonald's. They just replaced it with the crappier,
season of savings deals that everyone was super excited about.
So if you just go to a McDonald's, and these deals I think are pretty consistent across
all McDonald's, you're going to see some fantastic deals. And I'll post screenshots
of some of the deals at thedailychurnpodcast.com in the show notes. And it's really crazy because
we've gone to McDonald's now pretty frequently in the last few months. And just noticing the
crowd and how people buy things, I would say 99% of people that go to McDonald's don't know
that these daily deals exist because you can only see them in the app. And you can only see them in
the app when you're near a McDonald's. On top of that, McDonald's doesn't really promote or even
talk or mention or anything about these deals. So there's really no marketing for the fact that
these deals exist. You really just have to know. And I guess they're still meant as doorbuster
deals. But the fact that you can get them every day is pretty surprising. I don't,
what the incentive is for McDonald's to offer these consistently. But my P2 and I have been
really enjoying these deals because there's a couple that are really good that we do consistently
each week, which is that they always have a buy one, get one offer on the Big Macs. And that's
a great deal because a Big Mac is usually $5. But buy one, get one means you get two Big Macs for
$5. Then another great deal they offer is free large fries if you buy anything else over a dollar.
And so fries, if you don't know, at McDonald's are like soda. They're one of their biggest
profit makers because it's basically free to make fries. It's just potatoes fried up.
But they sell large fries for $4. So getting large fries for free is a great deal. But you
do have to buy something else for a dollar. But the thing you can buy to qualify for the free
fries can just be their $1 large drink. So most McDonald's will offer their drinks at any size
for a dollar.
Because these drinks, soda is basically free for McDonald's to make. So for the price of $1
for a large drink, you also get free large fries. So you've essentially made two Big Mac meals at a
huge discount. Because if you add that up, you end up getting two Big Macs, a large drink and
large fries for about $7 or $8 after tax. Versus if you were to buy two Big Mac meals that comes
with medium fries and a medium drink, it would cost you $20. Because a Big Mac meal,
now, is $10 at McDonald's. So just an absolutely huge discount to be able to get that amount of
food for $8. And it's easily, I think, the best deal when it comes to fast food. Because you can
get fast food deals other times, but they're usually a one-off thing. It's like download
the Wendy's app, make an account, and you'll get a Junior Bacon Cheeseburger for a dollar.
Download the Popeye's app and you get a free Popeye's burger. With McDonald's, you can do
a different deal.
Free 15 minutes. And they're consistently there. Their breakfast deals are another one that we love
doing because usually that breakfast meal with a sausage egg McMuffin, a hash brown, and an orange
juice will set you back $8. But with the app deals, you can get a sausage egg McMuffin by itself
for $1 anytime during their breakfast thing. So my wife gets a sausage egg McMuffin for $1.
I get a sausage egg McMuffin for $1. So for $2, we end up with two sausage egg McMuffins
instead of $1.
Instead of spending $16 for two sausage egg McMuffin meals. So you can kind of see why I'm
so excited about these deals because it is such a good discount on food. And especially with us
doing the fire thing, we try and keep our budget to like under $5 for a meal for two. So $8 for a
meal for two where we don't have to cook it. And it's food that we genuinely enjoy eating. I mean,
we love McDonald's. And so we try not to go too often. But you know, once a week, I think is okay
from a health perspective. Yeah, man, we're loving it. And so I figured I'd walk through the
basics of how to go about doing it because there are these weird app restrictions where you can
only redeem one deal every 15 minutes. So what that means logistically is in order to do that
meal that I just mentioned earlier, where you get two Big Macs, and you also want to get those free
French fries, you can't do that solo, you need a P2, or you could just make two accounts.
So logistically, what we usually do is we
drive to the McDonald's and park in the parking lot. And now we're in the proximity of their deal
bubble. And so on our phones, we'll pull up the deals. And for me, I would usually click the buy
one get one Big Mac and add that deal. And then my wife clicks the free French fries deal. And once
you add the deals, McDonald's generates a four digit code, which then you can either give via
drive through or go inside and input into a kiosk. So if you haven't gone to a McDonald's recently,
they've added the
these like 60 inch touchscreen TVs, essentially, that you order everything now via kiosks. And so
you enter your four digit code, it automatically pulls up your McDonald's account and the deal
that you've added. And then you just pay and do everything via the kiosk. So unless you're
doing drive through, you don't even really interact with a human anymore at McDonald's,
which is great for this deal, because we usually go inside and do it at the kiosk.
And so my wife will go to one kiosk, I'll go to the other. And we both do our deal separately.
And now if you're doing this solo, you could easily just have two McDonald's accounts where
you pull up one code, pay for it, and then you sign out and sign back into your second account.
And then you pull up the second code. And now you can do the second deal,
like getting your free French fries. So super easy. If it sounds like a hassle,
I promise you it is not the app is very easy to use. As are the kiosks. The only weird thing,
is this proximity thing. And the fact that you can't redeem more than one deal every 15 minutes.
But yeah, once you work around those things, this is easily, I think, one of the best food deals out there outside of meal kits, which is why I've been really excited to do this episode. And also because I don't see anyone talking about this anywhere. I did not know this existed at all until we discovered this back in December. I don't hear people talking about it in the frugal threads.
There's people still getting excited on DOC and Slick deals when one of those like, get a $1 Junior Bacon Cheeseburger at Wendy's when you download their app. When one of those deals get posted, people are like, sweet, I'm going to go do it. This is way better because it's repeatable and it's churnable.
So yeah, hopefully this spreads the word a bit and some of you guys found it helpful and will try it out. And at the same time, I'm hopefully not increasing the average BMI and blood pressure and risk of heart disease amongst my listeners.
But yeah, it's everything in moderation, right?
All right, that's it for this episode. Bit of a shorter one today. But the next one will be in early April, which will be that full recap of January, February and March churns. So I'm pretty excited for that.
I've been getting back into churning in the last week and have updated the tracker with some new things, which you can find at thedailychurnpodcast.com slash tracker.
And real quick, I did just want to apologize to folks who have emailed or messaged me being like,
are you alive? Are you okay? Or have asked for advice on like things like ANA bookings and Hyatt stuff. And yeah, I'm just slowly catching up on emails and messages now.
But you know, I appreciate the genuine concern over my safety. I think there's going to be a flock of churners descending on the Japanese embassy if I didn't post an episode soon letting you guys know that I'm not currently being held in jail in Japan.
And I did want to thank the folks who also used my referrals while I was on vacation. And while I was sick, it was definitely...
It was definitely nice coming back and seeing those. So really appreciate it, you guys. And yeah, I'll catch you guys next time for the recap episode. Thanks for tuning in. See ya.
