but the true value and fidelity is that they support a workaround that not a lot of brokerages
support which is that they allow you to transfer stocks instantly between yourself and a p2 and
that's particularly useful when it comes to meeting brokerage bonuses at other brokerages
so let's say public was running
hey everyone welcome to episode 43 of the daily churn today's episode is going to be a recap of
all the things that i churned in may and may was a pretty busy month overall we've got the usual
things like credit cards and bank bonuses and a couple epic battles that i had with interactive
brokers getting some of the most important things that i churned in may and may was a pretty busy
bonuses posted there plus the whole wells fargo vanguard thing that i covered a bit last time got
a good update on that one and this time also wanted to include some discussion around some
things that listeners have emailed me about over the last month so a little bit more talk around
award travel redemption options specifically with the marriott bonvoy program which ties in pretty
well because i just got the marriott bonvoy credit card and those five free nights just posted and
we're about to redeem those for some pretty awesome travel
then with the new eye bonds rate there's been some questions around hey like what should we do with
our eye bonds should we cash them out is there a penalty what are some alternative places to part
cash and so i wanted to kind of just run through my thought process of what we're planning on doing
with the eye bonds that we've accumulated as well as a couple places right now that are offering
over five percent interest with very minimal effort as an alternative we'll also go through
some discounts and freebies that i was able to get in may including a pretty
awesome hack if you have pets i kind of discovered this a month or two ago where i'm now basically
able to get any pet food for basically half the price so if you have pets definitely stick around
towards the tail end of the episode and we'll cover that as well along with just a couple
churning news updates where if you're on doc every day you probably know these things already but if
you're not you know there's been some changes to the red cards we've got the daily getaways promo
starting in june so yeah definitely a lot of things packed into the eye bonds rate so if you're
into this episode today but before we get into it just a reminder that everything we talk about
today can be found in the show notes at the daily churn podcast.com which has links to all of these
things plus there's a live tracker there which i keep up to date with all of these churns as i'm
doing them so if you don't want to wait for one of these recaps and you're curious what i'm churning
the tracker will have my notes and data points along with links to doc all of that good stuff
so if you haven't checked it out yet definitely take a look but otherwise let's get back into
this recap
starting with credit cards this time because i think it links in pretty well with some of the
award travel stuff and i did see some feedback on reddit from folks where someone was asking
like hey what are some good churning podcasts out there and quite a few different ones were
recommended and a couple of you guys mentioned this podcast so really appreciate that but on
that thread there are a couple comments being like i wish there was more award travel redemption
things in this show and i used to do a little more on that side of things but i think it's
like there's a dedicated hype globalist episode that's pretty in-depth plus that a and a episode
on how to book first class a and a award travel that's still by far the most listened and popular
episode of this podcast so definitely very open to having more award travel talk and redemption
option hacks on this show if that's something you guys are interested in hearing about the other
main feedback was you know i wish this show came out more frequently so totally hear you on that
and going forward i have been trying to do an every two week kind of show so i'm going to do a
schedule but it sort of dropped off in the last few months but gonna get back into that as well
so yeah i'll link to that thread too in the show notes if you guys want to see what other podcasts
people are recommending when it comes to like churning and award travel so with that in mind
i figured i'd start this episode with the chase marriott boundless card that i opened a few months
ago and whose bonus just posted it was five free nights certificate and those five free nights
they're worth 50 000 points each that's how much you're able to redeem each of those certificates
for and bonvoy as most of you know has the option of topping up a certificate with up to 15 000 of
your own points so that you're able to not just only redeem these at a 50k property you can now
redeem them at a 65k property so overall just a really really lucrative offer especially if you
have a place in mind and that's where it can get a little tricky with the bonvoy program because
bonvoy is such a massive program and as a program it's probably one of the worst maybe only second
behind him but it's probably one of the worst maybe only second behind him but it's probably
when it comes to how poorly they treat their customers because their focus really is on
maximizing value for the hotel and as you can imagine hotels don't love it when people go
and redeem free night certificates because they're not getting reimbursed a whole lot by marriott for
these and so what's kind of happened is that as these certificates get released and bonvoy
introduces things like hey you can top up a certificate with 15 000 points you now have a
make award nights just above that threshold so you'll find a lot of properties where the nightly
redemption rate is 67 000 points because at 67 000 points you're 2 000 points above what a
certificate plus 15 000 points is able to get so that's their way essentially of excluding
certificate usage from their property and that's where it can be challenging with the bonvoy
program to find what is the very best property that i can redeem these points at because there
are so many of these certificates that i can redeem and i can redeem these points at because
so many properties and so many of them are gaming the system like that that said because there are
so many properties there are still a lot of really great redemption options despite all of this
gaming and so for us we plan on using these certificates in hawaii and hawaii is kind of a
mixed bag because there's a lot of premium properties that are with bonvoy and also a lot of
lower tier ones i guess you know like the residence inns and courtyards so if you just are down to
a courtyard on your hawaii vacation super easy to book hawaii with bonvoy using certificates but if
you're trying to stay at some of the nicer more premium resorts that can be challenging because
there's a lot of hotels there's four different main islands on hawaii that you can redeem them
at and the points vary based on the nights and the dates that you choose and so yeah it can be a bit
of a headache but we were able to find one of our favorite hotels in hawaii bookable at under
sixty five thousand points per night so it's definitely out there if you're willing to look
and i've been kind of weighing whether to share the dates and share the hotel or not because it's
only a period of like two or three weeks in the entire year where that hotel offers their rooms
at below 65 000 points so you have to really search their calendar as well in addition to
searching the hotels and what i've sort of settled on with this one is that once we book our hotel
which we're going to do this week in the next recap i'll let you guys know exactly which hotel
we're going to book so i'll let you guys know exactly which hotel we're going to book so i don't
want to say it now and then have this get leaked to like you know the point sky or something before
we even get our booking made so i i do apologize for the the temporary blue balling but all will
be revealed soon and you know if you're really really wanting to find it yourself you could
absolutely just search on the bomb boy app and find the same dates and the same hotel and see
the same things that i'm seeing so you know if you're desperate you can do it now otherwise
i'll cover it in the next recap and
i guess on that note just a quick sidebar which is that i've been thinking about setting up a more
private section on the website for this podcast just so that we can talk about some of these
deals with like a smaller group still kind of a work in progress and trying to figure out how
exactly to do that but if that's something that you're interested in definitely let me know in
the comments and hopefully that's something i can get added in the near future moving right
on to the next credit card there was the chase ihg business card that was offering 160
65 000 points for i think three thousand dollars of spend yeah that one i just opened in may and
initially i was worried because it's a business card for chase and my business applications have
been going into pending lately because i think i have too much business credit extended at chase
but i have recently been messaging them about each of my cards to reduce the credit limit to kind of
reduce that overall credit pool that they've extended and this ihg business card ended up
going into pending initially which i was kind of
expecting but then about 10 minutes later it got approved not quite sure what happened there maybe
someone literally reviewed it in 10 minutes but all good because now i have that card plus my ihg
personal card so those two together are like over 300 000 ihg points which are great for redemptions
at like intercontinentals and kimptons we're trying to stay within the us but yeah hopefully
the business one i'm working on the spend now and that should post in june or july finally on the
credit cards front i got a
mailer for an amex business platinum and these mailers are great because there are usually no
lifetime limits so even if you've had an amex business platinum before you're still able to
open another one if you get the mailer with the special code the main downside with this mailer
though it wasn't like the best value it was only 130 000 amex points for 15 000 of spend so not
the best spend to bonus ratio but i'm just taking a break right now from chase inks to letting that
will be me know why it's good to get an amex business platinum
one for a bit so i'm kind of switching over to amex and so figured you know why not may as well do it
because it's nice to have an amex business card around sometimes you know like the dell credits
can be nice the wireless phone credits are nice travel credits are nice which all kind of together
sort of make up for the annual fee but the main incentive i had for opening this amex one was
because of the current us bank funding options which allow you to fund the bank account using a
Amex card. So I think that's a good segue into the next section, which is bank churns.
So on the banks front, US Bank currently has a business checking promo where you get either $500
or $750 if you deposit either $5,000 or $15,000 to get that higher bonus. So that's pretty nice.
That's a pretty good ratio. That's a pretty high bank bonus for the amount of deposit required.
And that deposit doesn't need to come from employer payroll or anything. You can just
transfer it over from your Ally or your Chase or your SoFi, which makes it really easy to qualify.
Plus, one of the really good benefits right now is that US Bank has increased their credit card
funding amount for these accounts when you open them from, I think, $500 to now $3,000.
So when you open one of these business checking accounts or even their personal checking accounts,
you can fund it with up to $3,000 using your credit card,
which is a good thing.
It's a great way to meet spend. And there are quite a number of banks out there that will let
you fund with a credit card. But the number of banks that let you fund with an Amex credit card,
you can probably count those on one hand. So US Bank does allow Amex credit card funding.
And I can confirm that at least with the business platinum card,
it did not code as a cash advance. It coded as a purchase, which is what you want.
So I opened that for my P2 last month in May, and she was instant approved. I think she may
have been instant approved because she already...
Had a US Bank credit card before. So having a US Bank relationship, I think helps. But even if you
don't have an existing relationship, you can still get approved. It just might not be instant and may
go into pending at first and you may need to call in. But at least in the case of P2, it went super
smooth. And yeah, hopefully that will post soon because we just transferred in $15K from our
ally accounts. And once she meets those requirements, I think you have to have the $15K in
there by the 30th day and hold that money there until the 60th.
So you got to hold it there for about 30 days. Once she finishes her holding period,
I'm planning on also opening the US Bank business checking for myself,
funding another $3K with the Amex credit card, and then transferring that $15K in my P2's account
back into Ally and then into my new US Bank account. So just moving that money around to
qualify for the bonus. I believe the promo goes until June 30th. So if you haven't done it yet,
definitely worth just opening a new credit card and doing it because it's such easy spend that
you don't have to get off the ground. So if you haven't done it yet, definitely worth just opening
a new credit card and doing it because it's such easy spend that you don't have to get off the ground
your couch for. And if you're really just desperate for spend, you can even open the
personal checking account and do another $3,000 there. But I don't think the personal has a good
bonus right now. So you may want to wait until the bonus comes back around. I also tried opening a
US Bank CD just to see if their CDs allow for credit card funding. And I can confirm they do
not. So now we just have a random CD with $0 sitting around. But I figured it was worth just
getting the data point on and hopefully that saves you guys from having to open one of these CDs.
Next up, we have Oxygen Bank. I covered Oxygen a little bit in the previous episode. My main
question with Oxygen was what exactly qualifies for their employer direct deposit. So just a quick
reminder, the Oxygen bonus, it's $100 referral bonus. So if you join using a referral link,
you'll get $100. The person referring you gets $100. And the requirements are that you need to
direct deposit $500 plus make five debit transactions. It seems that SoFi no
longer works to qualify for their direct deposit. So I was in the process of trying Wise. Wise.com.
It used to be called TransferWise. And if you're not familiar with Wise, definitely check out,
I think it's episode 28, where I cover employer direct deposits. Because I think Wise right now
is probably the best option for doing that. And I used to prefer Square. But Square these days
are a bit more expensive. I think it's like $6 a month now to use Square payroll. Whereas Wise,
it's only a $0.39 flat fee.
If you follow a specific set of steps. So Wise can cost a few dollars if you do it wrong. If you do it
right, it's only $0.39 per transfer. So that's pretty good. And Square these days too, they're
just like kind of prone to shutting down accounts randomly. So Wise is what we generally use these
days. And I can confirm that our Wise $500 direct deposit did trigger the $100 signup bonus. And for
the five debits, I just did my power utility company to be safe. But my wife did a mixture
of Amazon,
Reloads and the Power Company. And hers just posted yesterday. So it seems pretty much any
debit transaction should work. So all in all, in May, I got that $100 signup bonus with Oxygen.
Plus, I think someone listening on the show also joined using my referral. So I got $100 from there.
Really appreciate it. Plus, my P2 got her $100. And I got another $100 for referring my P2.
But P2 stuff didn't end up posting until June. So I'll wait till June to count those. So for May,
it was just the $200.
For myself. Finally, on the bank bonus front, there was also the monthly Laurel Road $40 that
my P2 and I get $20 each, which I've covered extensively in the past and I'll link to in the
show notes. So we won't go into here. But yeah, $340 this month from Laurel Road plus the $200
from Oxygen for a total of $240 from banks in May. Before we move into brokerage bonuses,
I did want to touch on the new iBonds rate because I've gotten a couple emails about that because
the new iBonds rate was released recently. And I think it's at 4.3% now for the next six months.
And a lot of us have iBonds, whether it's because you listen to this podcast or you've been reading
DOC or Slick Deals or any of these money blogs, really. The iBonds rate was really high for a
while during the high inflation period. I think it was just over 7%, which was a really, really
good deal for such a safe investment. But now that it's dropped to 4.3%, the question is,
what should I do with it? Because there are other...
Easy alternatives now when it comes to parking your cash. There are a lot of checking accounts
that are currently offering 4%. So should you cash out the iBond and move it to some of these
other options? And is there a penalty? And the quick and dirty is that yeah, there is a penalty
for cashing out your iBond early. Because if you don't hold the iBond to maturity,
which is a five-year maturity, and you want to cash it out early, there's a one-quarter penalty.
So you pay one-quarter's worth of interest as a penalty.
Which isn't really that big of a deal. If you imagine, let's say the iBonds were at 4%
and you pay one-quarter's worth, then you essentially lose 1% of that iBonds interest.
So you get 3%. So closing is definitely a viable option. What we plan on doing for now
is just wait and hold. This new iBonds rate goes from May until October. And for us,
4.3% isn't really that bad. We have a lot of money currently parked at Ally to tackle bank bonuses.
I think they're at 4% now. So 4.3% versus 4% isn't really that much of a difference. At least
not worth the hassle of cashing it out early and then taking a penalty of one-quarter's worth of
interest. So we'll see where the rate is in October. I think around October is when they'll
release the next six months. And if it's significantly different than what you can
get from just a high-yield checking or savings account, then at that point, yeah, we may decide
to cash it out and move it over. But if you do have money sitting around that isn't in an iBond,
currently, and you're wondering where to put it, iBonds probably aren't the best thing to buy
right now because there's a couple of really easy places to park your cash. Like Juno, Juno app,
which I think a lot of us had opened in the past for the signup and referral bonus. Juno is offering
a straight 5% interest on up to $50,000 of deposits. And Juno being an app bank, it's super
easy to use. The interface is nice. They're FDIC insured, so there's not really any risk there.
Healthfront at this point, but it is capped at $50,000. If you have more than $50,000 in cash
that you want to park, Public is another great option. I think a lot of us have Public accounts,
which is also an app brokerage. So the interface is pretty easy to use. And a lot of us have it
because they were offering that $2,000 brokerage bonus a couple months back, which I did an episode
on. Plus back in the day, they let you fund that account with up to $5,000 using a credit card.
And so that was obviously a very easy MS option that a lot of people took advantage,
and why many of us already had Public accounts from a year or two ago.
But Public now has a thing called a treasury account that you can open. And that treasury
account essentially just matches the T-bill interest rate, which just follows the Fed's
interest rate. And so right now, that Public treasury account is I think 5.3% without any
limit to how much you can deposit into that treasury account. And I believe it is SPIC
insured. So that would probably be where I would...
My cash, if I had extra cash sitting around. Of course, tackling bank bonuses, though,
it's still going to be a better return than any of these options. But if you just have money sitting,
definitely check out Juno and Public for their high interest options, because there's not a lot
of requirements around them. You don't have to log in 10 times each month and enroll in online
banking and have a direct deposit hit your account, which a lot of these smaller credit unions
require. So since we're already on the topic of Public, I think this is probably a good point to
move on to brokerages. Because...
In May, I was doing a ton of ACATS transfers from all kinds of brokerages. If you're not familiar
with ACATS, it stands for Automated Customer Account Transfer Service. And it's essentially
the stock version of ACH Dark Deposits. The reason I was doing so many of these ACATS transfers was
that I was trying to consolidate all of our brokerage accounts into Fidelity. So I did an
ACATS out of Public, out of our Charles Schwab, out of our Interactive Brokers, out of Morgan
Stanley. So...
Everything is just kind of moving and funneling into Fidelity. And you might be wondering,
why am I moving everything to Fidelity? Part of it was just after dealing with Vanguard and
Wells Fargo over the last month, trying to meet the requirements for that $2,500 Wells Fargo bonus,
it just really made it super clear that Fidelity is by far the best brokerage platform out there
right now compared to the other options. Miles beyond anything that Wells Fargo, Vanguard,
Brokers, Public, Morgan Stanley is offering. I think the closest competitor maybe would be
Charles Schwab. They do a pretty good job as well. But when it comes to just ease of use,
nothing comes close to Fidelity's interface and their customer support.
And quick disclaimer, I'm not being paid by Fidelity in any way to say all of these things.
I've just used a lot of brokerage platforms at this point. And things are just so easy
at Fidelity. And that's particularly useful because as a churner, I'm often moving stocks around.
So having...
An easy to use interface where requests are processed very quickly and new accounts can
be opened in like 20 seconds or less definitely saves me a lot of time, which is great. But the
true value in Fidelity is that they support a workaround that not a lot of brokerages support,
which is that they allow you to transfer stocks instantly between yourself and a P2.
And that's particularly useful when it comes to meeting brokerage bonuses at other brokerages.
So let's say Public was running a promo,
where you get $1,000 if you transfer $100,000 worth of assets.
Now you have $50,000 with Chase and your P2 has $50,000 at Interactive Brokers.
Now if you open the account at Public, you can transfer your $50,000 from Chase,
but your P2 won't be able to transfer her $50,000 from Interactive Brokers because
with ACAT transfers, the name has to exactly match.
One way around that might be to open a joint account at Public,
but there's a couple problems there.
One,
Public doesn't support joint accounts, but let's say Public does end up supporting joint accounts,
you may still run into trouble with your ACAT transfer because the joint account name has both
of your names, which doesn't exactly match your single name at Chase and her single name at
Interactive Brokers. So you may still run into name match problems when you try and transfer
from an individual account to a joint account at another brokerage.
So the potential way around that new issue is that maybe, hey, you open a joint account,
at Chase, and your P2 opens a joint account at Interactive Brokers first,
and they move their money from their individual into the joint at the same brokerage before you
both do an ACAT over to your joint account at Public, which Public does not currently support.
But that's where the headache comes in because Chase doesn't naturally support you opening
a joint account that easily. You have to go through a full-on application process where
both you and P2 need to upload your IDs, fill out all the paperwork, include other bank statements,
and you have to go through a full-on application process where both you and P2 need to upload your
The whole process, as if you were opening the account new. And that is the area where
Fidelity really shines. And the reason why we're moving all of our accounts over to Fidelity
is that Fidelity, once you have your individual account, you can just click a button to open
a joint account. And in under 20 seconds, you'll have a joint account opened that is
now linked to your individual account and your P2's individual account.
And so now, if P2 has $50,000 in her individual account at Fidelity, and you had $50,000,
you could just have P2 move her $50,000 into the joint account, then from the joint account,
move that $50,000 into your individual account. And now you have $100,000 in your Fidelity
individual account. And that all happens instantly with just a few button clicks.
There's no new account paperwork you have to do. It's all just super smooth.
And that's great when it comes to tackling brokerage bonuses, because sometimes you want
P2 to tackle a bonus. Sometimes you want to tackle a different bonus. And usually brokerage bonuses,
the asset requirement is quite high, right? So being able to merge
stocks between yourself and P2 instantly is super helpful. And so when you then transfer those
assets from your individual account to another brokerage to qualify for the other brokerage's
bonus, your individual account gets closed. But again, in Fidelity, it takes 20 seconds to open
another individual account. So you can keep opening and closing these individual accounts
and moving money between yourself and P2 via your joint account.
It makes everything just so much easier. And Fidelity has definitely earned our business
by offering these features. That process compared to the process that I just went through
with Vanguard and Wells Fargo to try and qualify for that Wells Fargo $2,500 brokerage bonus,
it's just been night and day. So the update with that bonus is that the saga is finally over.
The money has now shown up at Wells Fargo from Vanguard, and it took them 43 days to start
to finish to move retirement funds from a 401k into an IRA at Vanguard and then moving that IRA
into a Wells Fargo IRA. So 43 days. And it was cutting it super close because the deadline to
qualify for the bonus from Wells Fargo is 45 days. So we just made it under the cutoff.
And yeah, things look good for now. Hopefully in the next month or two,
we'll see if that bonus posts. But I'm cautiously optimistic. But boy,
did that take a lot of work. 20 plus hours on the phone between myself and P2
and 43 days. So it's a lot of work. And I think it's a lot of work.
43 days of time. Finally, on the brokerages front, there was a pretty epic battle that I had
with Interactive Brokers in May to try and get a massive amount of referral bonuses posted.
So I had 11 referrals pending at Interactive Brokers. Each referral is worth $200. And those
referrals have been pending for almost two years now. So the qualification period was one year.
You have to wait one year for the referral bonus posts, because they want to make sure
the person you referred met all of the requirements. And those referrals originally
initiated back in August of 2021, because that's when I did a dedicated episode on Interactive
Brokers describing their pretty lucrative bonus. You deposit $100,000 and you get $1,000 worth of
IB stock, which is a pretty good deal. And it's still around. But what happened in my case was
that the 11 referrals after the year qualification period ended, they didn't pay out. And I
messaged them, never got a response back. Eventually, a month or two ago, the status
updated to ineligible for payout. And that's where the battle really began. Because when I
followed up with them, they eventually replied saying that, hey, you didn't meet all of the
requirements in order to be able to receive referral bonuses. And I'm like, what are those
requirements? I'm looking on your terms right now. And the only two requirements are that your
account balance needs to be more than $2,000. And you need to have made...
At least one trade at Interactive Brokers. And I did both of those. I had way more than $2,000
at IB. And I made one trade when I opened my account. So what's the problem?
And through a series of back and forths, they were eventually like, okay, it looks like there's
actually another requirement that we've coded into the backend of the referral program,
which is that you need to have made that trade during a one-year period of time when you referred
someone. So the fact that I made a trade right when I opened an account doesn't count because
a few months later, and I didn't make any further trades. So that was absolutely shocking to me
because that is nowhere in their terms and conditions. And I had it in writing from them
via their messaging system that they're like, yeah, this isn't in the terms, but it's how we
coded it. So we're not able to pay out your bonus. And so of course, that's when I was just like,
okay, we need to escalate this because this is clearly a breach of your terms and conditions.
And I was like, hey, if you don't get this escalated,
and resolved and paid out by May 31st, I'm going to have to file a formal complaint with
the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau because this is an abuse of the terms and conditions,
which is exactly the type of thing that the CFPB investigates. And I just threw in that last part,
not really expecting them to take it seriously because they haven't up until that point.
They just kept saying, we're not able to pay out your bonus because you didn't meet
the requirements. And I was hoping just mentioning CFPB would do something because at the end of the
day, I really didn't want to file a CFPB.
Like, if you've ever filed a CFPB complaint, it's kind of tedious. You got to attach screenshots,
you got to write an essay about what exactly happened. It's a lot of work. And I wasn't
even sure if Interactive Brokers is covered by the jurisdiction of CFPB because they're
a brokerage firm. And I don't think they're based in the US. So it was all kind of questionable.
But I figured as a long shot, why not? It's been almost two years, I haven't gotten this bonus,
was about to write it off, but why not just give it one last try?
And to my surprise, right on May 31st, they replied back being like,
hey, your case is now closed. We've gone ahead and paid out your referral bonuses.
So really wasn't expecting that, but very happy because it was $2,200 worth of referral bonuses
that I've been waiting two years for. And that finally posted in May.
So if there's any lesson there, I would just say, just be persistent. Don't give up. And if you're
right, keep pushing for your bonus. And at the same time, in the back of my
mind, I'm just like, how many referral bonuses have they not paid out due to this extra thing
that they've coded, that they haven't told anyone about, have not listed anywhere in their terms and
conditions, and probably 99% of people don't bother following up. So if you're thinking about
doing this bonus, it's still a good bonus. And you won't run into this headache when it comes
to getting your $1,000. It's if you then want to refer someone, if you want to avoid this whole
back and forth, you should just try and make one trade during that one year period,
starting from when you referred a person. But yeah, all in all, glad it ended up working out.
And yeah, May definitely turned into just a massive brokerage bonus headache slash payout
month, which ended up being worth it because I got $2,200 in referral bonuses from interactive
brokers. Moving right on to cell phones. I got three Mint referrals in May. I think they all
came from the same person. Actually, I'm looking at the referral history on my Mint app.
So wherever you are, really appreciate it because those three Mint referrals ended up being worth
$165 of Mint service, which is about a year's worth of Mint service if you get their five
gigabyte plan, which is what we do. So yeah, definitely a very nice surprise. And I think
with Mint referrals, both myself and P2 are now maxed out because Mint, you can only refer four
people per year. So we both hit that four person mark. So if you're thinking about joining Mint
and you want a referral, spread the love. Hit up Reddit. I think there's a Mint referral thread
there.
I'm actually thinking about maybe even making a private referral section on the site where
listeners can exchange referrals between themselves. But in the meantime, pay it forward and
make someone else's day. Next up, discounts and freebies and I guess workarounds slash hacks.
Because if you have pets, there's a pretty good hack for getting a really big discount on your
pet food consistently, which is that a couple months ago, I discovered that PetSmart has an
auto-ship discount where you get 35% off your pet food. So if you have pets, there's a pretty good
off of your first auto-ship up to $20. So basically, if you buy something around $60,
you'll get $20. If you buy something $100, you'll still get $20. So $60-ish is that sweet spot.
But what's interesting about this auto-ship discount is that usually it's not really worth
talking about because most of these pet companies have a first-time auto-ship discount. Chewy,
I think, has one. Petco has one. But usually, that auto-ship discount is once per account,
as in it's your first auto-ship with Chewy or with Petco. With PetSmart, however, though,
and they don't really make it clear, but I accidentally discovered it, is that their
auto-ship discount is based on the product that you order, not based on your account.
So you can get 35% off of your first auto-ship of each specific product. So if you have a brand
of pet food that you like, and that pet food sells 10 different flavors, you can get 35% off
of each of those flavors.
Whereas with Chewy or Petco, it's a one-time thing per account. With PetSmart, you can do it
once per product, which is pretty awesome. And what makes it even sweeter is that PetSmart usually has
the best cashback rate at various cashback sites like Rakuten. So you can go to cashbackmonitor.com,
type in PetSmart, and you can see how much cashback is being offered. And usually it's
around 10%. And during the increased cashback promo that Rakuten did in May, they bumped that
20%. So I was able to stack that across multiple orders where I got 35% off of one item, plus 20%
back from Rakuten, which ended up getting us the dog food for basically half price.
So very churnable and just a really good deal if you have a lot of pets. We just went from having
two dogs to accidentally having four dogs now, which is kind of a long story. But yeah,
definitely came in handy, saving us money on all this pet food that we had to buy.
On the topic of Rakuten, in May, they were doing that increased
double or triple cashback rates at a lot of stores. And they also increased referral bonuses.
So you get 40 and the person joining gets 40. And I was able to get $40 from someone joining.
Finally, there were just a couple other quick discounts that I got in May.
There was $5 from Amazon during Mother's Day if you buy a $50 gift card. So buy a $50 Amazon gift
card, Amazon gives you an extra $5. So easy $5 there. Then Bud Light was also offering a $5 Bud
Light gift card. So if you buy a $50 Amazon gift card, Amazon gives you an extra $5. So easy $5 there.
Bud Light rebate if you gave them your email. But the way it worked was they just send you
$5 via PayPal or Venmo. You didn't have to actually buy any Bud Light. And I think this
was just their way of trying to get some customers back and make people happy after the whole Bud
Light boycott. And of course, this also blew up in their face because the company they hired
to make these $5 Venmo PayPal payments completely botched it. It ended up being just a complete
shitshow where no one was getting their $5. So a good way to end the day is to buy a Bud Light gift card.
A good way to piss people off is to have a website that collects your information and says
they're going to give you $5 and then not give them the $5. That's probably worse than just not
running that promo in the first place. And of course, you can imagine the comments on DOC
turned into a bit of a dumpster fire because we're talking about Bud Light here and people
have all kinds of political opinions. So that comment thread actually, I think, got locked
on DOC. But long story short, I think after a few weeks, we did eventually actually get the $5 from
PayPal. So if you've forgotten about this completely, check your PayPal and you hopefully
should see the $5 there now. So all in all, it ended up working out for us. But on Bud Light's
end, yeah, they probably were not very happy with how that whole thing turned out. And I'm excited
to see what their next PR move is going to be. I have my popcorn ready. Finally, I thought I'd end
this episode with just a couple of news updates. So as many of you know, the red card double slash
quadruple dip is officially dead now. I think it died sometime in the middle of the year. So I'm
where Target now no longer sends you these paper coupons that you can redeem once in store
and once online. Now it's just the coupon that you attach to your red circle accounts,
which then you can only use once. And that's how the double dip died. The quadruple dip was that
you could previously open a red card debit card and a red card reloadable card and get that coupon
for each of those cards. They've now since removed the reloadable card from being one of those cards
back to just being the debit card and of course the credit card as well. But you shouldn't be
opening a Target red card credit card. So now it's just down to that one single $40 coupon
for opening a red card debit card, which I'm still going to churn. That's still a free $40
from Target. But gone are the days of the $160 worth of coupons every three months.
Lastly, just a heads up that the daily getaways promotion is starting in June. I think by the
time this podcast comes out, you'll be able to start previewing.
Those offers starting Monday, June 5th, and actual sales starts a week later on Monday, June 12th.
So if you're not familiar with the whole US travel daily getaways thing,
I'll post the link to it in the show notes. But what it is essentially is that for the period of
two, three, maybe four weeks, every day, a different travel offer is posted. Sometimes
it's like a package deal at the Venetian in Vegas, or sometimes it's a trip to Hawaii.
And these are all fairly well discounted from the rack rate. But what most churners,
travel hackers are interested in usually are the days where they sell points directly.
So there's days where they'll have 50,000 or 80,000 or 100,000 Hyatt points that you can buy,
or Marriott points or Hertz points. And so you're literally able just to buy points.
And the rate at which you can purchase those points is always much better than what you can
get when you try and purchase those points from the hotel website directly. So those are the most
popular ones, those purchasing of points packages. The main issue with daily getaways, because it is
so popular and public, is that the popular deals sell out instantly. So it's kind of luck of the
drawer. You need to be there the millisecond they release that offer and click the button to claim
it. And I think on the back end, they do kind of a lottery system and you might or might not get it.
There's also complaints of folks of like, there's just too many bots, which may or may not be true.
I'm sure there's bots hitting that as well. But there's also just a lot of real people
trying to get these offers too. That said, I've been pretty successful in past years getting these
offers. I've bought Hyatt, Marriott, and Hertz points from there before. So it's definitely not
impossible to get one. So if it's something you're interested in, starting Monday, you'll be able to
browse through what all the offers are going to be and just set reminders for yourself to come back
on the days where they're posting the offer that you're interested in. And that's it on the upcoming
news front. If you guys like this little news section, definitely let me know because it's
a new thing I'm trying out and I can add more or less news into these recaps, depending on if you
So tallying everything up though, for the month of May, on the credit cards front,
there were the five free Marriott nights worth 50,000 points each. So a total of 250,000 Marriott
points essentially. On the banks front, $200 from Oxygen for the signup bonus and the referral bonus
plus $40 from Laurel Road for a total of $240 from banks. Brokerages, there was that massive
$2,200 worth of referral bonuses that finally paid out. Then cell phones,
$55 in mint referrals, discounts and freebies, got the $40 referral from Rakuten, $10 from Budweiser
and $5 from Amazon for a total of $55 from discounts and freebies for a total of $2,660
in cash plus five free night certificates with Marriott worth 250,000 Marriott points.
So yeah, really great haul. Very happy with that. And I think Interactive Brokers definitely sort
of saved the day there because I was off to a pretty good start. The first couple of days,
in May and then around mid-May, our internet went down and it's been down for the last couple
of weeks. It just literally got fixed today. So for the last two weeks in May, I was just
trying to churn using my cell phone, which was not the most ideal experience. So if you've been
looking at the tracker and wondering why there hasn't been as many churns in the second half of
May, that's why I haven't had internet. But that's now been fixed. So excited to get back into full
steam churning in the month of June. That's it for this episode, everyone. Hopefully you found it
helpful and definitely leave me some feedback in the comments if you have things that you want to
see talked about in future episodes. And if you want to get notified when one of these new episodes
comes out, definitely sign up for the newsletter at thedailychurnpodcast.com where you can also
find the live churn tracker as well as my referral links. So thanks again for tuning in. I'll catch
you all next time. See ya.
Transcription by ESO. Translation by —
