but the other half of it is also just that the show has grown quite a bit over the last couple
years and it's at a point where some of the deals or hacks that i'd like to share wouldn't survive
a public sharing like sharing those kind of deals can get you a lot of followers and a lot of clout
particularly if you share it on tiktok and you're trying to be an influencer there but
you know my goal isn't to be like the points guy of tiktok
hey everyone welcome to episode 45 of the daily churn today's episode is going to be a recap of
all of the things that i churned in june which turned into a pretty busy month overall there
was honestly a little bit of everything so brokerages we had that refreshed crazy
moment we had that refreshing moment we had that refreshing moment we had that refreshing
moment we had that refreshing moment we had that refreshing moment we had that refreshing moment
offer plus a new swagbucks brokerage deal there are some bank bonuses from wells fargo
u.s bank chase oxygen as well as i wanted to share a couple thoughts on what we're planning to do with
our i bonds in terms of withdrawing them now that the interest rates are a lot higher we'll also
cover credit cards there's that new ink preferred offer that's pretty amazing and hilton has a bunch
of no pop-up offers now i also opened a u.s bank leverage card i got some points posted from an
ihg card and even did some light churning for my dad which he may be a future p3 fingers crossed
then there was also a bunch of freebies and discounts as well particularly with prime day
coming up so a lot of stuff to cover this episode but before we get into that i wanted to actually
give an announcement which is that the deal alerts feature that i've been thinking about and slowly
working on for the last i don't even know how long it's finally ready for beta at least and
what deal alerts is is a feature that i've been thinking about and slowly working on for the last
is basically just a way for me to share some of the more time sensitive deals that are often the
better deals that are dead by the time we do one of these recaps each month so get those out to you
guys a little sooner as well as some of the more private deals and hacks that probably wouldn't
survive being shared publicly on something like this show so if that's something you've been
interested in definitely stick around for the second half of this episode where i'll give a
full rundown of how it works and how to sign up but for now let's get back into the
june recap i wanted to switch it up a little bit this time and start with this kind of general
churning news because there's quite a few things that have popped up that don't fit neatly into
some of those categories like brokerages and bank bonuses so the big one that i haven't really seen
a lot of people talking about is that the target red card churns may finally be just completely
dead so target right now is doing another round of that 40 coupon for opening a red card
but from all of the recent data points that i've seen on at least doc no one is getting approved
for these debit cards anymore if you've opened a red card before so if you've never opened a red
card debit card by all means go ahead and apply for one because it's it's a free 40 but if you
have in the past and you've closed it which is the majority of us everyone is getting that 7 to 10
day message of being like we're reviewing your application and then in the mail getting denied
for various random reasons and i only know this because i've been doing this for a long time and
because i was about to do another round of red card churns and i was like hey let me just check
the doc comments real quick and just see what the deal is and make sure everything is still
going well and it is not going well there isn't a single approval data point in the last few weeks
of people getting re-approved for the red card so if anyone has heard anything different definitely
leave me a comment and let me know but yeah for now it seems like red card churns may be dead and
i'm just going to hold off until the next round and see if the data points become more positive
before trying to apply again in other news which i'm sure you all know unless you've been living
under a rock is that prime day starts on tuesday july 11th through wednesday july 12th and so you
know not much to say there other than the fact that if you're listening to this episode and you
haven't done some of the the prep things definitely just go in and do them now and some of those prep
things involve checking to see if you've been retargeted for that 40 off for spending one
amex point and that seems to have been refreshed
for pretty much everyone so i'll have a link to that at the daily churn podcast.com in the show
notes just click that and you'll see if you've been retargeted or not and if you have it's easy
money so for example my p2 was retargeted her offer was 40 off up to 60 so essentially it means
60 off of 150 worth of spend on amazon which is really good my offer was a little crappier it was
just 15 off of a hundred dollars if i spend 714 amex points so
very specific so not just one amex point have to spend 714 amex points for some reason but
still better than nothing amazon is also giving you a five dollar promotional credit if you
purchase a 50 gift card and i believe you can only use that five dollar promo credit during
prime day so if you haven't done the 50 gift card purchase yet make sure you just go and do that now
and i'll have a link to that in the show notes as well plus there's another random 50 gift card
thing where you get a free prime toy truck so a little truck and you can get a free toy truck
that looks like a prime truck and the gift card is inside the truck it's great if you have kids
you know i mean every kid loves toy trucks and the toy truck is free if you make a 50 purchase so
could be worth doing plus the big one really is that each year for prime day at least for the last
year they've been doing a omni tv which is an amazon branded tv for really really cheap so
last year they had the omni tv i think it was the 50 inch for 109 which i was able to get in on
but you had to be there the second they released it and click the buy button and i think they gave
out like 20 000 of those tvs but it sold out literally within like a minute or two and luckily
i'd gotten a tip from someone on when that tv was going to go live and i was able to get that tv but
this year they're doing it a little different where it's a 43 inch omni tv so not as big but
it's going for 99 and to get it you have to click the request and invite button and i guess amazon
is just going to send out an omni tv for you so if you're interested in that you can go to
invite at a specific time to go buy the tv it's not clear yet on like how many of these invites
they're going to send i could see them sending out a lot of invites just to get people onto the
amazon store during prime day so it could go that way but to get that invite you need to sign up
ahead of time so again i'll have a link to that but make sure you sign up for that for prime day
if you're in the market for a 99 43 inch omni tv which even if you don't want you should be able
shopping related on your phone if at all you can't find emtp on flash and let's stop there
just wanted to go back to some of the and the topic of shopping news dell seems to have finally added
playstation fives to the dell store and we care about this because a lot of us have the amex
business platinum card and are always struggling to find things to buy without two hundred dollars
of credit and i've been checking the dell store for ps5s pretty much since the ps5s came out like
a couple years ago and they've never had it and now they finally added ps5 bundles and i believe
rackiton is also still doing a 10 off at dell but we can't keep track of how many people bought that
So you can stack that. Plus, some people are lucky enough to have a 10% Dell Amex offer
attached to their Amex Business Platinum as well. So if you have that too, and you stack it all,
it's a really good deal on a PS5. My go-to purchase for this PS5 is actually the Hue
Cygnus lamp, which is a floor standing lamp. It's like $300. You're probably thinking,
why would I pay $300 for a lamp? But it is really nice. The colors are very saturated.
We have a lot of Hue products in the house. That's usually what I spend my Dell credits on,
is just acquiring more Hue items. But this PS5, definitely considering it.
Moving on from shopping news, some award travel news, which was that a month ago,
I promised you all in the last recap that I would share which Marriott in Hawaii is bookable
using the five free nights with the Marriott Boundless card. And there was only one premium
Marriott hotel that was bookable for under 65,000 points.
Because the certificates are worth 50,000 points, and you can top them up with 15k up to 65k.
So you had to find the Marriott for under 65k, which is kind of a pain because Marriott has
variable pricing. So depending on the dates that you plug in, you're going to get different rates.
But I was able to find one, and I'm going to share that today, which is the Western
Hapuna in Kona. Kona is honestly one of our favorite Hawaii islands. It's super low-key,
not many tourists, and there are a couple of really nice hotels,
one being the Western Hapuna, and the other being the Mauna Kea. Both are Marriott hotels.
However, Mauna Kea is definitely just way out of the 65k certificate range.
But the Western Hapuna on a few nights of the week are below that range. And those nights were
November and January. So we were able to book our hotel. And I believe a couple listeners like
Deborah, which I saw in the comments, you were able to figure out which hotel it was and get
your booking in, which is great. Unfortunately, I think as of now, I'm not seeing...
That November and January availability anymore. So unfortunately, it's how it goes with award
bookings and churning in general. And it's what I'm trying to remedy a little bit with the whole
deal alerts thing. But in any case, definitely worth keeping an eye on that hotel though,
to see if in the future they release more award availability at that lower threshold.
Because I was seeing it from anywhere around 59 to 64,000 points, which is perfect for a
certificate. Finally, in some just random news that I thought was pretty funny,
that affected me because I go to Costco a lot, which is that now Costco checks for membership
IDs at the self-checkout line. And there's a big sign now that says you need to have your
membership ID. And that happened in the last few weeks because someone posted on TikTok a Costco
hack, which is that, hey, Costco doesn't check member IDs in self-checkout. So it's a great way
for you to split your membership with all of your friends is to give them your card
and have them use self-checkout. And that went viral.
I think it got a few million views. And of course, Costco then was really enforcing membership IDs,
which didn't really impact me. I wasn't really sharing my card with folks. But it is kind of
an annoying extra step where they're just scrutinizing your membership IDs now. And I
think it's just kind of a cautionary tale on being smart about what and how you share things. And just
when in doubt, don't share it on TikTok. Moving right on to the June recap and some of the
turns that happened there.
Starting with brokerages, the big one is for sure the Moomoo referral offer. So a lot of us have
signed up for Moomoo in the past, I think back in February or March. They're just an app brokerage
and they used to offer like $50 for referring someone and the person referred gets like 15
free stocks, which were worth around $50 to $60. Then in June, they really just upped the ante
where the person being referred now gets those 15 free stocks,
plus $50 to $60. And then in June, they really just upped the ante where the person being referred now gets those 15 free stocks, plus $50 to $60.
And then in June, they really just upped the ante where the person being referred now gets those 15 free stocks, plus $100, plus another $50, plus one Tesla stock or Google stock.
And Tesla and Google, they're worth, I think, 120 to 250. So adding those all together,
the person being referred now gets in the range of 320 to $460 for joining Moomoo and depositing
$5,000. And the person referring you, that also got bumped up from just getting two Bank of America
stocks worth $50 to just straight cash of...
of either $100 or $300, depending on how much the person you referred deposited.
So as you can imagine, this deal blew up on DOC with people sharing their referral links.
That thread eventually got locked down because people started spamming their referral links,
because it's a really lucrative offer. For a $5,000 deposit, you're going to get $300 and
the person you're referring gets $300 to $400. So just a massively outsized reward for the amount
of effort it takes to deposit. So that's a really lucrative offer. So that's a really lucrative offer.
It takes to deposit $1,000 or $5,000 into Moomoo. At this stage of the year, it's probably looking
to be the churn of the year so far, particularly if you're able to get referrals in. And so of
course, I was also kicking myself for having done the earlier offer because I could have referred
P2 and we would have both made so much more money than just $50 and $50. But again, that's sort of
just the game of churning. You never know how these offers are going to change. But I've also
just been hitting up friends and friends and friends and friends and friends and friends and
family to like, hey, join this Moomoo thing, guys. It's really, really easy money. And they've
extended that offer through, I believe, July 30th. It might be July 16th. There's some debate about
that, but it's going through at least mid-July. So if you're one of the very few who've been
procrastinating on Moomoo and you haven't signed up yet, good for you because the offer now is
better than it's ever been. And I would definitely recommend doing it before it expires. But at least
for myself and P2, we were able to get a few referrals in June.
I got one. Those were $300. My P2 got two. One for $100 and one for $300 because the amount of
money you get as the person referring is dependent on how much the person you referred deposits.
If they only deposit $100, you only get $100. If they deposit $5,000 and they unlock all of the
other rewards for themselves, then you get $300. So that's why it sort of varies. But yeah, we have
a few coming in in July as well, but we won't count those yet. So for June, it was those three.
Yana and everyone else who listens to the show or saw my referral link on DOC,
appreciate you all for using it. If you have referrals yourself and you're wondering how
they get paid out and how to redeem them, it is a bit of a more convoluted process than
they could have made it, which is that the referrals are paid out to you as coupons.
And the way to redeem those coupons is that you have to make a trade and that trade has to be
$1,000 or more. So what we've been doing to redeem our coupons is that we have $1,000 at Moomoo,
and we buy 10 SGOV. Each SGOV costs about $100. And SGOV is just the short-term treasury bill ETF.
It kind of follows treasury bonds. So it's really, really stable and makes you a couple percent over
the year. So you buy 10 of those for $1,000. And when you buy it, your coupon gets automatically
redeemed. Then after like three days, your coupon actually deposits into your account as cash.
At that point, we sell our SGOV stock and then immediately rebuy SGOV stock so that we can
redeem the next coupon because the coupons are paid in weird increments. For a $300 referral
bonus, it pays you as a $100 coupon and another $200 coupon. So you have to do the $1,000 trade
twice to get the whole $300. And so if you have multiple referrals, and each step in the buy-sell
process takes three days, you can imagine it's going to take you a few weeks to get all of your
coupons redeemed. But you know, not a big deal. It's still free money. And it's a pretty easy
process if you're just buying and selling SGOV. And you don't really have to worry about the whole
day trading thing. This is actually a margin account that they open for you, which permits,
I think, like three day trades over the period of a week. But yeah, other than the semi-annoying
part of redeeming the coupons, it's a really, really good deal. So in June, we had three
referrals that were redeemed as coupons worth $700 total between myself and P2. Then both myself
and P2 signed up the 15 free stocks. That takes 60 days to unlock. So two months ago was when we
signed up. And those finally unlocked in June. And those were worth roughly $65. So adding those
together, that's $130 worth of free stocks, plus the $700 from referrals for a total of $830 from
Moomoo in June. Finally, on the brokerage front, there was also a Swagbucks deal for signing up
for Unest, which would give you $12,000 Swagbucks, which is worth about $100.
$120. Plus, if you enter the code iHeartRadio, so it must have been some iHeartRadio promo,
they give you an extra $50. And the way to qualify for all of this is that you have to make a $25
recurring investment into Unest. And you have to do that for, I think, three months,
so they don't claw back the $50 iHeartRadio bonus. So not too bad, but Unest does charge you $5 a
month to have this account. So you end up paying, what, $15 over the course of three
months?
To get that extra $50 bonus, plus you're going to get that $12,000 Swagbucks. So our Swagbucks
are currently in pending. They're going to be pending for about 32 days. And the iHeartRadio
bonus already posted, but that actually happened in July. So I won't count that yet. But I did want
to give everyone a heads up on this offer because it's pretty easy. And Unest, if you don't know
what it is, it's a way to set up a brokerage account for a child, whether that's a cousin
or your niece, or your own kid or a future kid that you have not yet had. They let you set up
a brokerage account for them. And it's funny because I was actually thinking about gifting
my niece some stocks for her birthday. And I was like, how do you go about doing that? It'd be cool
if there was a way to do that. And Unest is the way to do that, except they charge you $5 a month
to have this account open. So $60 a year for $100 or $200 worth of stocks that I'm gifting
is a terrible deal. And it's a shame because we would have loved to use Unest, but not at $5 a
month. So we're back to just figuring out...
How to set up a Fidelity account for a two-year-old. So anyways, that's it for brokerages.
The final total there was just the $830 from MooMoo. Moving right on to banks, I wanted to
start with the Wells Fargo Premier Checking Bonus because that just got extended, I think, into
August. And it's sort of like a brokerage, sort of like a bank because you have to open the Wells
Fargo Premier Checking Account in branch. But then later, you can open a Wells Trade
account. And as long as you fund either of those accounts with $250,000 in assets, you'll qualify
for a $2,500 bonus. So really good if you're able to move over stocks, because then you're not losing
any interest by having $250,000 worth of cash sitting at Wells Fargo. So if you want more info
on it, I covered this pretty in depth in the previous recap. But basically, I had my P2 do it
and transfer over her retirement accounts to Wells Fargo.
And at the end of June, I went in branch to do the bonus myself. And I've been just sort of in the
process of consolidating assets between myself and P2 and various brokerage accounts, all into
Fidelity. Because Fidelity has that joint account hack that lets you transfer assets between yourself
and P2 super easily. And I covered that in the previous episode as well. But yeah, I've just
been doing that. And hopefully in the next month or two or three, both myself and P2 will get a
free $2,500 from Wells Fargo.
If all goes well. I also opened a US bank business checking account for myself. I'd previously opened
this for P2. But now it's my turn to open it with the offer where you got $750 for making a $15,000
deposit. And I wanted to stagger it between myself and P2 so that P2 can hit her bonus requirements
first, and then move the $15,000 back to Ally, which then I could then transfer to my new account.
And that was a really great offer, even outside of the $750.
Because US bank now allows you to fund these accounts with $3,000 using a credit card.
So I was able to put $3,000 of spend on my IHG business premier card,
which I opened a month or two ago and instantly met the spend requirements for that,
because that only needed $3,000 of spend. And so hopefully those points will post in the near
future as well as the US bank $750 bonus. I also got an email from Chase about their $750
business.
Checking offer. So they've had this one for a while and just different permutations of it comes
up. This latest iteration is that you get $300 for depositing $2,000, which is pretty good,
or $750, but you have to deposit $30,000. And you do have to hold the funds in there for I think a
month or two. So the $30,000 one might be a bit high. It could be worth it if you're not doing
anything better with your $30,000. But at minimum, the $300 bonus with a $2,000 deposit is definitely
worth doing.
I didn't personally end up tackling this one yet, but I probably will. In July or August,
I might set up another company to do some dog sitting on Rover. And so anytime you set up a
new business, it's a good chance to open the new business accounts to get these business checking
bonuses as well as a new set of ink cards. Another ink cash, another ink unlimited, another ink
preferred. In June, we also had a $100 bonus from Oxygen Bank that posted for my P2 for making a
$500 deposit. And we used Wise.
To trigger that direct deposit. If you're not familiar with Wise, check out episode 28 for that
whole process. But yep, P2 got $100 plus I got three referrals worth $100 each. So I'm guessing
that means folks listened to the previous episode and were able to make Wise work for them as well.
And yeah, I ended up getting the $300 plus $100 for $400 total from Oxygen Bank. In June,
we also got our monthly $20 each from Laurel Road, removing $2,500.
In and out of Laurel using Ally, we just have that automated. So an easy $40 between myself
and P2. And if you haven't signed up for Laurel Road yet, their signup bonus offer just got
extended through I think January of 2024. And it's a $300 signup bonus. So a pretty decent
one-time bonus plus you get that monthly $20 for making a deposit. So worth checking out if you
haven't yet. Tallying up banks, it was the $400 from Oxygen plus $40 from Laurel Road,
plus $3,000 of easy spend from US Bank. Before we move on to credit cards, I did just want to
give a quick update on treasury bonds. Because I know a lot of us, including myself and P2,
we have quite a bit of money parked inside iBonds. And the question for us has been,
when do we want to take the penalty and withdraw it from iBonds and move it to another account that
might be earning 5% or 6% interest? Because currently the rate with iBonds, if you buy them
new, it's 4.3%. And if you buy them new, it's 4.3%. And if you buy them new, it's 4.3%. And if you buy them new,
this is a sort of a correction to my previous episode because I thought 4.3% is also what
those of us with existing iBonds are getting, which isn't actually the case. So 4.3%
is composed of a fixed component and a variable component. And the fixed component that you get
is locked in at the time you bought your iBonds. So for those of us who bought iBonds back when
it was like 9%, the variable rate was the full 9% and the fixed rate was zero. Currently, if you buy
a new iBond, the variable component is 3.38% and the fixed component is around 1%. But you don't
get to bump up to that new fixed component. If you have an iBond from before, you're still locked in
at that 0%. So what your iBond is currently returning like this quarter is 3.38%, that
variable component. And I bring this up because in the previous episode, I was like, well, if I'm
getting 4.3%, that's pretty close to 5%. So I'm probably not going to be able to buy that new iBond.
I'm probably just going to leave it in iBonds and see what happens. But if it's actually 3.38%,
which is what it is, and I'll link to the treasury direct chart that they have that shows you exactly
how it's all broken down, then that is quite a bit lower than the, let's say, 5.4% you can get
right now if you move your money into Publix treasury account. So that changes the calculus
a little bit for us. And thanks for the listener who sent me this correction being like, hey,
you're not actually getting...
as much as you thought you were getting. And so for us, I think we may end up cashing them out
soon and taking the penalty. And the penalty is just one quarter's worth of interest.
Next up, we have credit cards. And the big news with credit cards is that the Chase Inc. Preferred
card now has a new better offer. So instead of it being 100,000 points for $15,000 worth of spend,
you only need to spend $8,000, which is like half the amount of spend and a really good deal.
The reason most of us didn't bother opening or churning Chase Inc. Preferred was because
15k spend is not that great for 100,000 points when you can open the Inc. Cash or the Inc.
Unlimited instead, which gives you 75,000 points for just $6,000 worth of spend.
So now that the Inc. Preferred offer has been bumped up to be actually worth doing,
the floodgates have just opened. I'm going to refer my P2, my P2 is going to refer me.
It's great if you want to diversify the kinds of Inc. cards that you have so that
you don't just have a bunch of Inc. Cash and Inc. Unlimited. You can spread the love to
Inc. Preferred as well. And Inc. Preferred is actually a pretty nice card for its own reasons
because like the other business cards, it doesn't count for its 524, but it also lets you do point
transfers to travel partners. And that's really great because it means you don't need to keep
a Sapphire card around anymore. The reason I have a Sapphire Preferred card currently,
and I pay a $95 annual fee for that card, is just so that I can transfer,
my Chase points to Hyatt and Southwest and all these travel programs. If you didn't have a Sapphire
card, your points are stuck at Chase and you would only be able to redeem them for cashback
or on the travel portal. But if you have an Inc. Preferred, it also grants you that transfer
ability. So you no longer need to keep the Sapphire around. So my plan is to cancel
our Sapphire and route our points through the Inc. Preferred for point transfers.
If you have a P2, the offer is even better because with the Chase Inc. cards,
you get 40,000 points for referring someone. So if you refer your P2, you're going to get a total
of 100,000 plus the 40 for 140,000 points total for $8,000 of spend, which is just a massive,
massive offer. Also, if you have a lot of business cards with Chase, now could be a good time to
message them through their secure messaging center and reduce some credit limits. Because
one thing I saw on DOC recently was someone mentioned that there seems to be
potentially like a soft rule with Chase in terms of how they...
decide whether you get instant approved for these business cards or it goes into pending
and someone reviews the app and then doles out some credit limit. Because for us,
our last couple of business applications with Chase, they've all gone into pending and then
eventually gotten approved for some really low credit limit like $3,000. My guess is that we
had too much open business credit with Chase. And I'll post a link to the comment where someone did
the rough calculation for how to see if you're above the limit. But I think it's something like
$35,000 minus $3,000. And I think it's something like $35,000 minus $3,000.
Total credit limit across all of your Chase business cards. And if that number is greater
than $3,000, you'll get auto approved. And if that number is lower than $3,000, it takes manual
approval. And so if you want to avoid manual approval, it's probably best to have that
equation lead to a number greater than $3,000. So over the past week, I've just been messaging
Chase to just reduce all of my inks down to like $1,000 or $2,000 to try and tame that credit limit
bucket a little bit.
On the topic of business cards, I also opened a US Bank business leverage card. And I did this
before the new Chase Inc. Preferred offer came out. I think I did this in early June. So I would
have just not done that and opened the Chase Inc. Preferred instead. But it is what it is. I opened
the leverage card and that card gives you $750 worth of cashback for $7,500 worth of spend.
So it's about a 10% discount essentially on all the things that you buy, which is definitely not
as good as the Inc. Preferred.
Where you're getting 140,000 Chase points, which is worth at least $1,400 for only $8,000 worth of
spend. But as always with churning, it's impossible to predict what offers are going to come next. So
yeah, slowly working on that business leverage card as well.
The other big-ish news in credit card churning is that there are now no pop-up offers for the
Hilton cards. So those cards are through Amex and Amex will throw you a pop-up if they think you
shouldn't be eligible for this offer. So if you're looking for a pop-up offer, you should
get the bonus. And it's not even that, hey, you've had the bonus before, so you're not
eligible now. It's on the back end, depending on the card, they have a system that checks how many
Amex cards you've opened. And if it doesn't meet certain criteria, you'll get a pop-up saying you
won't get the bonus, even though in theory, you're eligible for the bonus. And the Hilton cards,
as well as the Charles Schwab cards are notorious for that. I've been stuck in what's known as pop-up
jail where I get these pop-ups on the Hilton card and the Charles Schwab card for the last two,
three years.
I've not been able to open those cards. But now there are specific links that you can use
to open those Hilton cards that don't trigger any pop-ups from Amex. So even though you were
previously getting those pop-ups, and you probably would still get those pop-ups if you didn't use
these special links, if you use these links, you're able to open the card without a pop-up.
And I think the links are pretty safe. They seem to be part of just a summer campaign special
versus it being some manipulated, hacked link that might get your account shut down,
So I'll post the link to DOC in the show notes because he has all of these various Hilton no pop-up
offers listed. And some of them are quite good. If I was still traveling a lot, I'd probably be
opening a few of these Hilton cards. But as most of you know, we're doing a little bit of a break
from traveling this year and focusing more on the kind of homestead thing we have going. So yeah,
not for us. But I figured some of you may be interested. In terms of offers that actually
posted for me in June, it was the IHG Rewards Premier card. It's the personal IHG card.
It's a free card through Chase. And that one was 175,000 IHG points for $3,000 worth of spend.
So pretty easy amount of spend. I think I opened that a few months back and that finally posted in
June. And yeah, we'll probably just use those points on local Kimptons for kind of like a one
night trip in the city type of a thing. Finally, on the credit card front, I thought I'd just share
this funny kind of anecdote, which is that my dad hit me up a few weeks ago, being like, Hey, I got
a Marriott offer in the mail. I'm going to go and apply for it. And I was like, mid conversation
being like, Dad, take a picture of that offer right now and send it to me before you apply.
And I'm thankful that I did because it was a pretty crappy offer. I think it was like
50,000 Marriott points plus a $250 e-gift card at Marriott if you spend $3,000 with the Marriott
boundless card. And I'm like, that's just not a very good offer because right now, or it was until
pretty recently, you could get five free nights at Marriott instead. And each of those free nights
are worth 50,000 points. So you'd get essentially 250,000 points for opening that boundless card
instead of 50,000 points and $250. So luckily, I was able to intercept that and send him the link
to the five free nights offer right before it died. And kind of blew my dad's mind a little bit
because he didn't realize you could get such good offers from opening a credit card. And so now he's
about credit cards, which is a good thing because he also told me what other cards he has.
And it's like, oh yeah, I just opened this REI store card because it gave me $100 cash back at
REI. And I was like, oh God. Okay. So anyways, I'm hopeful this is a potential P3 opportunity here
where I can just guide what cards he opens in the future. And I never thought to do it before
because if your parents are like mine, they've been very anti-credit cards all their lives.
And so I thought it was a lost call.
To kind of indoctrinate them on churning. But now that they're older and semi-retired,
and they want to travel a little more, they're curious about hotel points and Southwest points
and stuff. So fingers crossed. I'm hoping if you find the right cards, that's how you can pull
people into the churning game. When that Southwest companion pass offer comes around again in
November, bam, that's going to be it because my parents love flying Southwest. And it's going to
blow their minds that my mom can just fly for free at Southwest for like two years.
So anyways, a bit of a tangent, but let's get back to credit cards, which was that in total for June,
it was just the one card that posted, the IHG card for 175,000 IHG points.
Next up, we have freebies and discounts. So pretty busy month for this category. There was a quick and
easy $10 at Lyft if you signed up for Bilt. And Bilt was free to sign up for, and then you link
your Lyft account and you get $10. So I did that for myself and I did that for my P2. There was also
the...
The new thing with Capital One Shopping, they're really trying to promote
their shopping extension. And if you're familiar with Capital One, they've got three different
shopping portals. The Capital One Shopping extension is like Rakuten and Bfrugal and
stuff like that. The Capital One Shopping offers is the thing that's attached to your credit cards.
And those are like credit card offers, like Amex offers. So I wanted to clear that up because this
is for the Capital One Shopping extension. And what they're offering there, and I think are
still offering is...
Pretty good deal. You get $30 if you join using someone's referral and you spend $10. The
requirement though is that you must download and install and use their shopping extension to spend
your $10, which is a pretty straightforward process. It's like searching on Rakuten for Petco.
You just open the Capital One Shopping extension instead and go to Petco and buy $10 worth of pet
food and they'll give you $30. So I did that and referred my P2 as well. Nothing is posted yet. So
I'm not sure how long that takes. But I'm going to do that. So I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that.
But worth checking out for sure. I'd also gotten 60% off of DoorDash using their Thrive 5 coupon,
which I think has since expired. But basically, that was 60% off up to $20 and you can use it
three times. So we ended up using DoorDash three times in June. But honestly, I'm at a point with
DoorDash where I feel bad ordering DoorDash half the time because there's so many threads on Reddit
or if you're on TikTok of just DoorDash drivers hating their lives and fucking with the customer.
Because they're so underpaid. And it's like at a point now where it feels like if I don't tip
at least $5 on even just a $10 order, I feel bad. It's feeling like a 50% tip is still under tipping
given how badly they're paid. So I don't know how much more DoorDash will be ordering. But
if a great deal comes along, it's kind of hard to resist. But yeah, I ended up saving $60 on DoorDash
in June. There was also the Southwest 40% off sale and those sales,
are great if you already have flights booked because that's your cue to go in and rebook
those flights and save points. And so we had a bunch of flights booked and ended up saving about
20,000 Southwest points just by rebooking with the promo code. Finally, I covered this one a little
bit already in the Prime Day news stuff. But yeah, my P2 was retargeted for that 40% offer for using
one Amex point. And so we ended up just buying $150 worth of stuff and getting $60 off of it.
Which saving money on Amazon is basically free money. So we ended up getting $60 through Amazon
in June. Tallying all of the freebies and discounts up, it was the $20 from Built plus $60 from DoorDash
and $60 from Amazon for $140 worth of savings, plus an extra 20,000 Southwest points that we
saved. So tallying everything up, there was $830 from MooMoo for brokerages, for banks, $400 from
Oxygen, $40 from Laurel.
For a total of $440, plus that $3,000 of easy spend through US Bank. Credit cards,
175,000 points from the IHG Premier card. Freebies and discounts, we had that $140
plus 20,000 Southwest points for a grand total of $1,410 plus 195,000 IHG slash Southwest points,
plus $3,000 of pretty easy credit card spend. Pretty good month overall. I think MooMoo
definitely carried the team.
They're a little bit, but that was a decent haul for points as well. So yeah, I'm pretty happy with
that. All right, now for the fun bit. So if you've made it this far in the episode, congratulations.
Thank you for listening. I wanted to give a bit of an update and a rundown of this whole
deal alerts thing that I'm trying out. There's been a lot of feedback over the years from folks
being like, hey, the deals you talk about, some of them are dead by the time you do one of these
recaps. And even as we've seen here today, the Westin Papuna is no longer bookable at the time.
So if you want to get a little bit more information about the rate that I was seeing last month,
same with the Omni Prime Day $100 TV deal, it would have been pretty cool to have a way to just give
you a notification that, hey, this deal goes live at X time and be ready to click that button.
So that's one aspect of the whole deal alerts thing is just a way for me to notify you guys
of deals that I'm excited about that are often time sensitive and may not be around by the time
the recap happens. But the other half of it is also just that the show is going to be a little bit
has grown quite a bit over the last couple years. And it's at a point where some of the deals or
hacks that I'd like to share wouldn't survive a public sharing. Sharing those kinds of deals
can get you a lot of followers and a lot of clout, particularly if you share it on TikTok and you're
trying to be an influencer there. But my goal isn't to be the points guy of TikTok. It's not
a place where I think a lot of people are going to be happy with you killing a lot of these deals.
So with deal alerts,
I'm hoping that in addition to the time sensitive deals, there's going to be some
deals that I can share privately with a smaller group. And so the reality is there needs to be
some amount of gating so that the deals don't die. That's the truth behind churning.
That's one aspect of why deal alerts is a paid feature. If it was free, I'd imagine the majority
of people listening right now would just join. And it wouldn't really be much different than
me covering deals.
And so potentially, 2,000 to 3,000 people subscribe to these deal alerts would probably
be a problem, especially for the more sensitive deals. So that's what I'm hoping to test out with
this beta. It's like a trial run to just get it set up and see if there's even any interest in it
from you guys. Obviously, there's no point in me doing it if it's just me alerting myself to deals.
And so the way I have it set up right now is that initially during this beta, I'll just send out
these deal alerts. And then I'll just send out these deal alerts. And then I'll just send out
these deal alerts via email. So everyone who signed up for it will just get an email in their
inbox for me when I run across a deal that I think is worth sharing privately. And similarly, if
there's enough interest in this whole thing, maybe in the future, we can do a private Discord or
Telegram or some kind of forum and stuff. So that's my rough game plan for this deal alerts
feature that I want to try out with you all. And I want to just be clear that this is totally
optional. Nothing about the podcast.
It's going to change. The tracker is still going to be free. If you listen to the recaps and you
check the tracker, you're going to see the majority of the deals that I talk about and that
I post. So you're not going to lose anything by not joining the deal alerts thing. However, if you
do want to support the show, it of course would be nice to have additional funds to make this
feature better and to improve the show and stuff. And I've gotten some messages in the past like,
hey, do you have a Patreon? Or how do we tip you or pay you? And I'm like, it's totally fine. I'm
making this podcast because it's a hobby. So Patreon hasn't really been my kind of thing. I feel
sometimes a little weird asking turners especially for donations on like a Patreon. And so for me,
I think what makes more sense is like actually providing something tangible in return for the
support. However, I am fully aware that none of this, including the show itself, would even exist
right now if it wasn't for the fact that you guys are listening to it right now and supporting the
show.
Just by being here and listening. And it wouldn't be any fun if I was just talking to myself into a
microphone. And it was just my wife listening to these episodes. So I did want to show my
appreciation to the OGs that have been following this show since the beginning back when it was
just like 100 listeners on SoundCloud, which is what I had it hosted on. So I made a special OG
tier at $5 per month, because that is the lowest price that this fence will ever be. Because like
even if you're a fan of SoundCloud, you're not going to be able to get a chance to get a chance to
even right now, if you go to the website, and you click deals, which is the link that's publicly
available, you can sign up to be in this deal alerts beta, and it's $8 per month. The only way
to get the $5 a month is literally by going to this URL, which is the dailychurnpodcast.com
slash OG. And that will give you a checkout link for the $5 OG price. So for the period of this
next month, you'll be able to sign up for deal alerts with the special OG tier. And if we don't
leave the beta, we're going to be able to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a
There's just not enough interest in the deal alerts thing to warrant the amount of work it
would take, and we end up scrapping it. I will manually cancel everyone's subscriptions. The
goal here isn't to have you just forget about your subscription, and I keep charging you
indefinitely. I'm really hoping this is something that you'll want to be more active in with your
feedback and tell me if the deals I'm posting are great, or they're crap, or there's other features
that you want to see. So by subscribing, you get access to that comment section,
on the deals page. Definitely, please, please do leave a comment there and let me know how it's
going for you. All right, folks, that's it for this episode. Hopefully you found the recap useful
and the deal alerts thing at least interesting and maybe worth giving a try. But even if it's
not your cup of tea, there is a free newsletter that you can join, which gives you full summaries
of these episodes, along with notifications when these episodes come out. So if you haven't
subscribed to the newsletter yet, now's a great time to check it out and I'll catch you all next
time. Thanks for tuning in.
See ya.
