and the one that i tell my friends to do is that via best buy you can essentially get infinite
apple tv trials so for the last i don't know how long apple tv's been out but ever since
it's been a thing so probably the last two three years we've had free apple tv and the way you do
it is you go on best buy and best buy has a hey everyone welcome to episode 46 of the daily churn
today's episode is going to be a recap of all of my churns from july july might actually be
the craziest churning month that i've had to date it more than doubles the second best month that
i've ever had and a big part of it really
is thanks to the wells fargo and mumu bonuses that posted so i'll definitely be covering those
two in this episode along with a bunch of other churns including my new chase ink preferred card
as well as an isg bonus that posted and a couple credit card fails that happened there was also a
variety of bank bonuses from gateway upgrade oxygen and of course the wells fargo premier
checking bonus plus this new one called join save that a listener tipped me off to which
has a pretty
interesting
program we'll also cover a couple brokerage bonuses from unest and of course mumu but before
we get into that just wanted to share a pretty exciting update on the deal alerts beta which is
that last week we launched the private discord chat group so if you're subscribed to deal alerts
you should have already received an invite link it's totally optional to join the deal alerts
are still going out via email but if you want to come hang out with some other churners and
chat about some of the deals or share your own tips
and tricks or ask questions definitely come check it out you know i've really enjoyed chatting with
everyone who's joined so far over the last few days honestly just very grateful for all the
support and the feedback i've gotten on the beta so just massive shout out to everyone who's been
a part of that and if you've been on the fence about it now's a great time to try it out you'll
receive a deal alerts email from me every week or two just depending on how many deals come up
those are going to be the more sensitive deals that probably wouldn't survive the rest of the
being shared publicly on a podcast you also get access to the private discord so if any of that
sounds interesting to you you can head over to the daily churn podcast.com slash deals to sign up
i thought i'd stick with the the tradition from the last couple episodes and start this one
with some general churning news again on the award travel side of things the big news was
that mgm had left hyatt and has now announced that they're joining the daily churn podcast.
so mgm has a ton of different hotels in vegas but now that they're part of the marriott program
kind of curious how redemptions are going to look i'm assuming it's not going to look great
from a points perspective given just the way marriott bonvoy works and it's probably why
mgm chose marriott over hyatt because hyatt does tend to still be at least for now more customer
friendly but it does mean that the good days of doing a status match between mgm and hyatt
has gone as well as getting really easy globalist status if you live near vegas because you could
get like you know excalibur nights for 30 dollars a night and you only need 60 nights to get to
globalist so you can very easily mattress run globalist for like 1500 to 2000 so pretty good
value because if you're traveling a lot and using awards globalist is easily worth more than 2000
in terms of free upgrades and free breakfast in other news the prime day tv deal that
ron was waiting for they went with a different system and that system was an invite system so
you signed up ahead of time and amazon was going to invite you when the tv became available during
prime day and the reason they did this was because the year before they got flooded by bots just so
many bots and it kind of checks out because there's a ton of those tvs on sale on ebay in
the days following prime day so this year they were like all right we're gonna fix the bot problem
by giving out invites which of course also backfired because they
basically didn't send anyone invites i think maybe less than one in 100 people got a prime day tv
invite and that wasn't great because they kind of set the expectation that this invite was going to
get you a tv and then when 99 of the people that are expecting a tv don't get it they're all going
to be kind of pissed off so you know a quick lesson in marketing there is try not to over
promise and then under deliver it because that's how you get really angry people and um for myself
and p2 we did not get a tv invite and then we got a prime day tv invite and then we got a prime day
invite most people on slick deals and the doc comments did not get a tv invite i think amazon
even ended up sending a lot of people like a little courtesy credit of like 20 being like
sorry about this tv fiasco so anyways excited to see what new and exciting system they implement
for next year or whether they even bother trying to offer a cheap tv anymore in some grocery
slash gift card news kroger is doing their 4x fuel points on gift card purchases and
prices again from now until i think august 8th and they've been doing that like every weekend for
the last few weeks they've been offering a lot of 4x days recently and the 4x fuel points if you're
not familiar is that kroger which owns a lot of different supermarkets has gas stations and fuel
points let you get discounts on gas and the quick tldr is that when they offer 4x fuel points on
gift card purchases you're essentially getting a 14 discount that can be used towards gas so
14 discount on a gift card is pretty good when you're reselling gift cards and that's on top of
the let's say 5x points that you receive at grocery stores if you're using a card that earns 5x so as
you can imagine people who resell gift cards as well as people who resell their kroger accounts
because they want to resell their fuel points i've had a pretty busy month and i'm just recently
starting to get into the whole kroger thing because we're finally near a kroger store and
it seems like a pretty lucrative thing and you know depending on how our fuel points
sure goes in the next few weeks i'm thinking i may do like an in-depth episode just on kroger
fuel points because i personally had no idea how it worked until pretty recently finally i thought
i'd end this new segment with a bit of ms news i often get questions from folks being like hey
why don't you ever cover any ms stuff on your podcast and the quick answer is that most ms
things if you shared them publicly with a big audience you'd end up killing them so i tend to
stay away from talking about ms
methods publicly but this one is about an ms method that actually died so pretty safe to share
which was that handscom credit union a credit union based somewhere on the east coast i think
they've been letting you fund their accounts including their cds with up to two thousand
dollars from a credit card and this was a really amazing opportunity for a couple reasons one was
that handscom would let you open multiple cds so it wasn't just two thousand dollars it was as many
at handscom and each one would let you fund with two thousand dollars and the other reason was that
handscom actually accepted amex which is pretty rare usually banks when it comes to funding only
accept visa or mastercard so when you find one that can accept amex that's sort of a golden goose
and it lasted a really long time like over a year i think but as of a few weeks ago it finally died
so definitely a bit of a sad news there but i think the lesson learned is in the words of
always be probing you know you never know which banks which credit unions which places will let
you fund them using a credit card all right so on that note moving on to credit card churns from
july one of the main things i was up to in july was just messaging a lot of these credit card
companies like chase and wells fargo and us bank to have them lower my credit limits because i'd
noticed my chase inc approvals have been down a lot in the last couple of years and i've been
kind of uh sketchy lately like they've gone into manual review and then i get approved with like
three thousand dollars of credit limit and i figured a big part of that was because i had
too much credit like when i opened a random wells fargo card they gave me like twenty five thousand
dollars of credit so just way too much extended credit being shown on my credit report so i went
on a spree of lowering those for myself and p2 and it seemed to have worked i applied for the
p2 and i was instantly approved for once and i got a thirteen thousand dollar credit limit which is
much higher than i'd gotten before so one theory is that yeah i reduced the credit limits and that's
why another theory is that when chase introduces a new credit card offer like with the chasing
preferred they've bumped it up so that you get a hundred thousand points for only eight thousand
dollars worth of spend when they introduce a new offer like that they make it easier for everyone
to get approved because they want a bunch of new people
getting in on this new offer that they're promoting so that's the other theory maybe
it was a combination of both but i now have a new chase inc preferred that i'm working on
the bonus for my ihd business premiere card that posted in july so i got 165 000 points
from that then i also had a couple credit card fails in july so the first one was a really newbie
mistake was that i messed up the fifty dollar sax fifth avenue credit that you get with the
platinum card and i messed it up by
just charging the wrong card so i'd just gone approved for an amex business platinum card
and for whatever reason when i went to go buy the pair of overpriced bomba socks i had a brain fart
and i ended up charging the sax to the business platinum without realizing it and the business
platinum of course doesn't have the sax credit and of course i did that at the end of june so
by the time i realized i messed it up my fifty dollar sax credit that went from january to june
had already expired without ever being used and i was
with the choice of either keeping a pair of really expensive socks or paying fifteen dollars to sax
to then return ship it to them which also didn't seem appealing either so lesson learned there you
know when you've got so many active cards you've really got to stay on top of which ones you're
using for what benefits then my friend also made an arguably worse mistake which i i kind of feel
like it's my fault which was that i referred them to the ink cash card where you get 75 000 points
for spending a lot of money on a pair of really expensive socks and i was like oh my god i'm not
paying six thousand dollars and this is my friend that i did a facetime call with to like walk her
through the application because she'd never done an ink business application before so i was really
excited to get her into the ink churning game unfortunately i didn't follow up properly with
her because when i finally did check in being like hey did you get your bonus she's like no
it's weird i you know i spent my five thousand dollars it's weird that it never credited and
that's when we realized that she only spent five thousand dollars and the reason why i didn't
requirement was six thousand dollars and the day i was talking to her just happened to be two days
after the 90-day time frame where you needed to have met spend so she just missed the cutoff
and i definitely feel kind of responsible because i should have checked in earlier and just been
like how's your six thousand dollars of spend going but i didn't and so my lesson learned there
is especially if you're introducing newer people to churning i'm just going to add them into my
own churning spreadsheet going forward i have a churning spreadsheet i did an
episode on my churning spreadsheet early on i think it's like episode five or six
so i have one that i use for my p2 and p3 any friend i refer going forward that doesn't have
their own spreadsheet they're going into my spreadsheet and i'm going to make sure that
these bonuses post because a good way to turn somebody off of the churning game is to make
them spend a bunch of money that they don't get a bonus for right and that's not cool for anyone so
yeah big lesson learned there moving on to banks the big one that posted in july that i'm really
excited about and happy that actually posted is the wells fargo premier checking bonus and that
was a twenty five hundred dollar bonus so absolutely massive bonus and if you recall
the requirement was moving two hundred and fifty thousand dollars worth of assets into wells fargo
with the unique thing being that wells fargo allowed you to move retirement accounts and
retirement accounts would in theory qualify it wasn't super clear if it would qualify because
no one had done it i think i'm the only data point so far
someone having rolled over a retirement accounts over to wells fargo and have gone the bonus so
can confirm that iras do work and p2 got her twenty five hundred dollar bonus which was
definitely a relief because this is the one where combined between p1 and p2 we spent around twenty
hours with wells fargo and vanguard trying to get this money moved so yeah definitely a big win
there in july on the flip side with wells fargo i'm currently also trying to tackle this bonus
using just
regular brokerage funds so my p2 she had some retirement funds that she was able to do this
with me i'm just pulling all of our investment funds together to try and do this bonus and that's
also been kind of a pain because i i thought things had gone pretty smoothly until last week
when wells fargo sent me a secure message out of the blue being like hey we need to verify your
residency status so we need a copy of your passport and to send that in you must get it notarized and
you must fax it in so i called wells fargo being like can i email it to you guys is there any other
way nope only via fax to a specific number so i'm like okay pain in the ass but probably worth
twenty five hundred dollars so i book an appointment at a wells fargo branch to use their notary
service so we show up to our appointment at wells fargo and it's going smooth because i booked one
with a notary and she's able to notarize my passport and i'm like okay cool can you fax it
over to the verification department and she's like oh yeah yeah
no problem we can fax it as long as the fax is only going to somewhere within wells fargo which
it was then five minutes later she comes back being like actually is this being sent to the
wells fargo brokerage department and i'm like yeah it is she's like actually we can't fax anything
to the brokerage side of wells fargo like we can fax it if it's a different department
but something happened at some point in the last few years where we are no longer allowed to fax
any notarized
document to the wells fargo brokerage side and in my mind i'm just like what how does that even
make sense what exactly happened that resulted in this rule and then just being like of course
you know of course this kind of thing happens at wells fargo where they make me fax it and after i
get it notarized at a wells fargo they don't let you then send it to another wells fargo department
via fax so then we have to drive to a fedex office center and get it faxed that way it was the whole
thing but finally it's there hopefully they receive it and then we have to drive to a fedex office
because i don't know it's a fax so fingers crossed that things go smoothly and i actually
get my bonus sometime in i think late august or september moving on there was a gateway credit
union bonus that posted for p2 and this was a bonus where they wanted you to do a recurring
direct deposit within 90 days and from all the data points it wasn't clear what is considered
a recurring direct deposit does that mean you need to have two direct deposits show up to prove that
or just one direct deposit was going to be okay and it wasn't also clear what would qualify as a
direct deposit from them because they wanted an employer dd and there really weren't any data
points on what would work so as a shot in the dark i used wise and i waited till the end of the 90
days to do my dark deposits using wise so i did one like 15 days before the 90 day cut off and i
did a second one just to be safe right at the end of the qualification period so they ended up
getting two of my wise and i did a second one just to be safe right at the end of the qualification
period so they ended up getting two of my wise direct deposits and it seems to have worked so
whoever on their end is reviewing it and it does sound like it's a manual review process of what
qualifies they approved my wise dds and so my p2 got a 250 bonus another bonus that popped up in
july was the u.s bank personal checking offer is back this time for five hundred dollars for a ten
thousand dollar deposit and there isn't any term saying that you need to hold the deposit there for
any particular amount of time but i think it's a good idea to do that and i think it's a good idea
practice is just to hold it until your bonus posts and doc has a list of data points of what
works for dark deposits to qualify for u.s bank bonuses and i'll link to that in the show notes
but the sad thing with u.s bank is that they've now removed their three thousand dollars of credit
card funding it's down to only two hundred and fifty dollars so that lasted a good few months
actually but u.s bank being such a big company and how public this credit card funding thing is
was they probably at some point decided they'd had enough because it costs the money to accept
credit card deposits and they reached whatever threshold of deposits they were trying to hit
with this new promotion so we didn't end up doing this offer we might do it if we get desperate but
at the same time kind of just hoping for the six hundred dollar offer to return it used to be six
hundred or even 650 so yeah if you have other bank bonuses to do it could be wise to wait but
otherwise 500 for a 10k deposit that you don't have to hold for a very long time is still a
good deal
so upgrade bank that's currently offering 150 if you join using a referral link and you deposit
a thousand dollars and the person referring you gets 50 so not a bad offer but i think most of us
have done upgrade in the past back when they were offering a hundred dollars for both parties but
if you haven't done it before it's a pretty easy bonus and the bonus is actually better now as the
person joining so i ended up getting one referral in july for fifty dollars i also received three
oxygen bank referrals for a hundred dollars each so three hundred dollars total if you're one of the
people who used it really appreciate it and definitely glad to see that you were able to
make the wise transfers work for you as with every month my p2 and i also got twenty dollars
from laurel road transferring in twenty five hundred dollars and moving it right back out
so 40 bucks from laurel finally on the bank front i got wind of a new account shout out to mike for
sending in the tip called save and it is called save and it is called save for a hundred dollars
so $200 and cash out and i definitely do have some offers coming regarding it so please give
free dic crowd if you have any questions let me just send it to me if you don't have any
questions about it just leave it in the chat just leave me a nieuweel》
this link is like a long link so um because past sack on it in the description original
And I hate these banks that use really generic verbs.
It's impossible to actually Google this account
because it's called Save,
but it's at joinsave.com.
And the way it works is that it's a really weird program.
And I had to really read the FAQ and double check
because the way Mike described it to me,
I was like, there's no way this is how it works.
But yeah, this is how it works,
which is that you deposit $1,000 with them for one year.
So it's kind of like a CD.
And that $1,000 is fully FDIC insured for one year
and nothing happens to it.
You don't lose it.
You'll get that $1,000 back.
But the way you make money is that
if you join using a referral link,
Save will give you a $5,000 investment portfolio
that grows or shrinks during that one year.
At the end of the year, if that portfolio has grown,
you get the gains as a bonus.
So if that 5K portfolio had gone up to 6K,
you get a $1,000 bonus.
If the portfolio shrank to 4K,
you don't get any bonus, nor do you lose any money.
You still get your $1,000 cash back.
Where it gets better is that any person you refer,
they get $5,000 of this free portfolio investment
and you get another $5,000 of free portfolio investment.
So if you're doing this in two-player mode,
you would get $5,000 in your portfolio
from joining using someone else's referral link.
Then you refer P2,
and that gets you another $5,000 for referring someone,
and P2 gets $5,000 for joining.
So you end up with $15,000 in this pretend portfolio
that you can't touch,
but whose gains you will get in a year as a bonus.
And with the portfolio,
you can choose which portfolio that $5,000 goes into.
They have eight or so different options.
You can have one that just follows the S&P 500
if you want something a bit more,
or you can pick something that invests in commodities
and short stocks if you want something more volatile
that can potentially make you more money
or might make you no money at all,
but you don't lose any of your initial $1,000 deposit.
So all in all, very strange program,
but I think has the potential to make you quite a bit of money
if the market cooperates and the market booms.
If the market doesn't boom, you don't lose any money.
And I guess this is how Save makes money
either way.
Which is that if the market goes down,
they've used your $1,000 deposit
and received interest from the Fed
that they're not paying you
because they're not paying you an interest rate
on your $1,000.
So in that sense, it's a bit of a gamble
because if you put your $1,000
in a 5% account somewhere else,
you'd end up with $50 worth of interest
at the end of the year.
Whereas with Save, if the market performs poorly,
you don't get any interest
and you've essentially forfeited $50 worth of interest.
But if you feel like the market might improve,
over the course of one year,
this essentially gets you a $5,000 stake in the market
or $15,000 stake in the market
if you have a P2 for just your $1,000 deposit.
So yeah, I'm curious to see how it ultimately turns out.
In the end, my P2 just signed up
and I'm going to try signing up as well.
If you want to give it a try yourself,
my P2's referral link is
at thedailychurnpodcast.com slash referrals.
All right.
So tallying up the bank bonuses,
there was the $2,500 from Wells Fargo,
$250 from,
Gateway,
$50 from Upgrade,
$300 from Oxygen,
$40 from Laurel Road,
for a total of $3,140 from Banks in July.
So really good month for Banks.
But it's about to get even better
because now we're moving on to brokerages.
Just completely killed it in July,
thanks to MooMoo.
I actually had a bit of an internal argument with myself
when it came to talking about MooMoo on this podcast
because
one of my goals with the show when I started it
was that I wanted to make all of these churns
as transparent and accessible as possible,
which is why I have that live churn tracker
that literally shows you everything I'm churning.
And I do these monthly recaps
that breaks down exactly how much money
is being made across each churn.
But there was definitely a moment
where I was tallying up all of the MooMoo money
where I had this knee-jerk reaction of being like,
maybe I shouldn't...
I shouldn't share how much I'm making.
And it's like one of those things where...
Have you noticed how when people start making more money,
they become more and more protective
about not wanting to share how much money they're making?
When you're all working in and out,
everyone knows you're making $15 an hour
and your boss is making $17 an hour.
And then you go work in corporate
and it's super frowned upon to be sharing
how much your salary is with your co-workers.
And that's starting to change now, thankfully.
People are being more open about it.
But back when I was working there,
yeah, it was definitely taboo
to talk about how much you made.
And definitely no one knew how much your boss was making.
So I've always wanted to take the opposite approach of that,
which is to share as much information publicly as I can,
including how much exactly I'm making.
And my hope is that you guys won't think I'm bragging
when I'm sharing some of these numbers.
Because if it's a choice between sharing them or hiding them,
I still strongly feel that sharing them
is the better,
more open approach.
So with all of that in mind,
man, the Moomoo numbers,
I was genuinely quite shocked
at how much I earned from Moomoo in July.
And what's unique with Moomoo
is that I've gotten a bunch of referrals elsewhere before.
Let's say Rakuten over the years,
I think I've gotten maybe 20, 30,
maybe even 40 Rakuten referrals.
And that's been pretty cool.
And it's been nice,
but nothing really worth mentioning like Moomoo.
Because the difference with Moomoo
is that...
But their program is so outsized
when it comes to how much they're paying both parties.
Every single referral gets you anywhere
from $100 to $300.
And the person being referred gets a similar amount.
So they're paying out like $600, $700
for each new member that joins.
And the requirements that the person has to do
when they join are pretty minimal.
It's like deposit $1,000 or deposit $5,000.
So really easy requirements,
for such a big payout.
So when I tally it up between myself and P2,
we ended up getting like 20 to 30 referrals in July.
And it's not clear exactly how many it is
because Moomoo doesn't tell you how many.
You have to kind of extrapolate that
from how many coupons deposited into your account.
It's kind of a whole thing.
But TLDR, we got 20 to 30 referrals,
which wouldn't really be a big deal,
except that each of those referrals
is worth anywhere from $100 to $300.
And just from those,
we ended up getting $7,500 from Moomoo in July,
which is absolutely crazy.
That's the most I've ever gotten
from any kind of referral program.
Even back when Albert was offering $500 for a referral,
they capped it at three people.
Moomoo has no referral caps.
You can just keep referring people.
So between sharing our link on DOC
and chatting with friends and family
to get them to join the program,
which usually I don't do.
I don't just hit up my...
My friends being like,
hey, go do this churn.
But in the case of Moomoo,
it's such easy free money for everyone that I did that.
Plus, of course, listeners on the podcast
using my referral link.
Really huge thank you to everyone who did.
Hopefully some of you guys were also able to refer
your P2s and friends and family as well
and get in on this gravy train
because I think their crazy referral bonus offer
expired on July 31st.
So unless they do another round of increased offers,
this might be it for now for Moomoo.
But...
Yeah, glad to be on this train.
And unless something crazy happens later on in the year,
this is probably the churn of the year for me.
Finally, with brokerages,
there was the other brokerage, Unest,
which is the one that was giving 12,000 swag bucks
for joining plus $50 for entering the iHeartRadio code.
And Unest is that brokerage
where you set up a brokerage account
for like your kids or your future kids
or your nieces and nephews.
And the swag bucks is still pending.
They look good on the swag bucks end.
It says I'm going to get it sometime
in early August.
So that should post.
But for now, what has posted
is the extra $50 from using the iHeartRadio code.
And that is posted for myself
as well as P2
for a total of $100 from Unest.
So tallying up the brokerages,
it was the $7,500 from Moomoo referrals
plus $100 from Unest
for a total of $7,600 in brokerages in July.
So another record there for brokerages.
Finally, we've got...
Hacks, freebies, and discounts.
So just a big grab bag of everything.
And the one that I've been most excited about
and the one that I tell my friends to do
is that via Best Buy,
you can essentially get infinite Apple TV trials.
So for the last...
I don't know how long Apple TV has been out,
but ever since it's been a thing,
so probably the last two, three years,
we've had free Apple TV.
And the way you do it is you go on Best Buy
and Best Buy has a three-month Apple TV trial.
That you can purchase for $0.
And so you purchase that
and you load it up to one of your Apple TV accounts
and you turn off auto-renew.
And so when that trial expires,
you lose Apple TV.
But then you just go grab another one
of these Best Buy three-month trials
and you apply it again.
And sometimes Apple TV throws an error being like,
you know, you've already redeemed a free trial.
No worries.
Just use P2's account
and redeem the three-month trial instead.
Then when P2's one runs out,
go get another one,
and now apply it to P1's accounts
because usually that's been a long enough time
that it's cooled down
and Apple will let you use another free trial.
And so we've just been cycling
these Best Buy free trials between myself and P2
for literally years.
And so Apple TV, you know, it's fine as a service.
There's some good shows on there.
And this basically saves us,
I think like $5 or $6 a month is what Apple TV costs,
which is particularly nice
given that all the other platforms right now,
like Netflix and HBO,
they're all raising their prices.
So yeah, check it out.
I'll put a link to the Best Buy purchase page
in the show notes if you want to give it a try.
And for Free French Fries Day,
which happened sometime in July,
McDonald's was giving away free French fries
with any purchase.
And so both my P2 and I went and did that.
If you're not familiar with McDonald's,
they have that whole secret menu of deals.
I did an episode, I think episode 40
on the whole McDonald's secret menu deals.
So we did those plus our free French fries,
ended up saving about $8.
Similarly,
Chick-fil-A just recently did a free Chick-fil-A sandwich
for playing their browser game.
So both my P2 and I did that for free Chick-fil-A sandwich,
which is worth $5 each.
So worth $10 total.
I think that game was still going until Tuesday, August 1st.
So depending on when this podcast comes out,
it might still be active
if you want a free Chick-fil-A sandwich.
I also got $30 for joining the Capital One
shopping portal extension thingy
and spending $10.
And then I got $30 for referring my P2.
And then my P2 also got $30 from joining using my referral.
So we ended up getting $90
from the Capital One shopping extension.
And if you haven't used it before,
it works just like Rakuten or BeFugal.
We just ended up using it during the PetSmart sale
where they had a bunch of pet food for 50% off.
So you could just stack that
with the Capital One shopping portal,
which I think gave another 10% back.
Plus we got the $30 signup bonus.
So yeah, I just ended up with a lot of really discounted dog food,
which we're always on the hunt for with three big dogs.
The only thing annoying to note
with the Capital One referral bonuses
is that you can only redeem them
for gift cards on the Capital One portal.
You can't cash it out for cash.
And the range of gift cards,
they have a pretty good selection,
but at the same time, it is limited.
It isn't everything.
But yeah, we ended up getting $90 from Capital One in July.
We also got 30% off at Amazon
for spending one Amex point.
And that's the same offer that refreshes periodically.
And it refreshed for Prime Day,
which is how my P2 was able to see it again.
And it's just worth checking periodically
to see if that offer has refreshed
because it's basically free money at Amazon.
And I'll have a link to that in the show notes as well.
But we ended up saving 30 bucks there.
Plus Amazon was offering a $5 free credit
for purchasing a $50 gift card during Prime Day.
So both myself and P2,
with that, I basically just signed up
for a Prime trial on my account
just to do some of the Prime Day things.
And we'll let that expire sometime in August.
But yep, ended up getting $10 there from that promotion.
So tallying all of that together,
it was the $40 total from Amazon
plus $90 from Capital One,
$10 from Chick-fil-A,
$8 from McDonald's,
and $5 from Apple TV
for a total of $153 in hacks, freebies,
and gift cards.
Discounts in July.
So tallying everything together for credit cards,
there was the $165,000 ISG points from Banks.
It was $3,140 from Wells Fargo,
Gateway, Upgrade, Oxygen, and Laurel.
Brokerages, $7,600 from MooMoo plus Unest.
Then hacks, freebies, and discounts,
another $153 for a grand total of $10,893
plus $10,000 from Google.
Plus $165,000 ISG points in July.
So obviously just a mega month.
I mean, that's basically my churning goal
for the entire year done in one month.
Maybe I need to up my churning goal a little bit,
but I'm not trying to turn churning into a full-time job.
So I'm very, very happy with the way things are
and how July turned out.
And definitely very appreciative of everyone
who's used the referral link
and everyone who's joined the Deal Alerts beta.
I truly appreciate the support
and thanks again for tuning in.
I'll catch you all next time.
