i was able to ship six ipads and three airpods over to bfmr give them the tracking number and
within a few days after it arrived i've already have the money in my bank account and so yeah
it's really a pretty easy way to meet credit card spend with very minimal risk because you're just
buying stuff on amazon like it's a totally legit thing to do
hey everyone welcome to episode 48 of the daily churn today's episode is going to be a recap
of all of the things that i churned in august august was a pretty busy month on the credit
card front there was a new marriott five night free offer i did some pretty easy credit cards
spend through a buying group which i'll cover and i've been slowly trying to make my dad a p3 so
that saga kind of continued a little bit then on the bank front we had some easy bonuses from
fidelity bloom and ally plus some pretty positive changes with the chase ach payments program which
is great for employer direct deposits and also chuck over at doc posted a really great article
on when to withdraw your i bonds like the optimal time to do that
so we'll go into that as well then brokerages let's see we've got some wells fargo some ally
unest an update on the save referral program that i covered last month as well as a tally on all of
our moomoo earnings so far and finally a rundown of various discounts and freebies that i tackled
including the kroger 4x fuel points which they've seemed to just be doing every weekend now until
the end of time plus a new thing an amazon shopper app that i've been using for a while now and i've
just heard about that's a pretty nice easy way to earn ten dollars each month i'll be doing also a
little peloton water bottle giveaway i have more of these peloton free water bottle codes and i've
been getting quite a few messages from listeners who have been following some of the advice in the
how to ask for more episodes so i thought i'd end it by sharing some of the success stories there
because it's um been pretty fun for me to hear about them and really awesome to see that it's
working out in the real world so yeah i'll see you in the next one bye bye
yeah it's going to be another pretty packed episode but before we get into it just wanted
to share a podcast update which is the website at thedailychurnpodcast.com has finally been updated
it's something i've been wanting to do and meaning to do for i think over the last year now and just
haven't gotten around to it but finally updated the theme things look a little slicker maybe a
little less buggy to use and one of the main reasons i updated it is because one of the most
requested features so far in the deal alerts
is that people want to be able to see the prior deals that were posted before they signed up so
kind of like a history or archive of the old deals and the old site didn't really support that but
with this new update you'll now be able to see all the deals on the site directly versus it being
sent out via email so if you've been thinking about joining the deal alerts beta but wasn't
really sure about it this is probably the closest it's been to not being a beta anymore you know
we've added a lot of new deals and we've added a lot of new deals and we've added a lot of new deals
cool features over the last couple months including as well the private discord server
which really has been very cool just seeing everyone on there and helping each other out and
just forming a little community that's maybe a little less cutthroat than our churning sometimes
is so if that's something that sounds interesting to you you can check it out at the daily churn
podcast.com slash deals
all right so starting with
credit cards the big news was that marriott now has re-released the five nights free offer where
you get five nights free with five thousand dollars of spend and those come in the form
of certificates that expire one year after being issued the nice part with these certs is that they
post pretty quickly i think just a few days after meeting your spend and they are capped at 50 000
points per night but you can top them up using your own points up to 65 000 points so i know
there's some debate amongst folks being like oh i don't know if i'm going to be able to get
anything like this is either a really great offer or a terrible offer depending on how you feel
about marriott's bomb boy program but in my case you know if you can find the sweet spots for
redemption like the western hapuna in kona then it's a really great deal because sometimes those
nights go for one thousand dollars a night and so if you're able to use a free night certificate
for free and you use five of those nights that's basically five thousand dollars worth of free
nights from just opening one of these cards so again really great offer and i think it's a really
dependent on which properties you can find and when to use them one super useful thing that i
just discovered in the marriott app i'm not sure if everyone already knows this but this is totally
new to me where just a few days ago i was clicking through and trying to figure out hey which nights
at the western hapuna are gonna be under 65 000 points and the way i was doing this before was
that i would plug in each day individually and just go search one day at a time and that took
a long time but it turns out that i was able to do that and i was able to do that in just a few days
out that if you're in the calendar view and you click the flexible dates checkbox then it will
show you that one night award rate for all of the upcoming months so you can just literally scroll
through months and it'll tell you what each day of the week is gonna cost in terms of points
so as you can imagine just a massive time savings being able to search that way and i didn't know
that existed because i don't think any other program lets you search that way definitely not
with hyatt
so one hack that a lot of people have been using is a website called maxmypoints.com and i'll link
to that in the show notes where it does a similar thing you're able to better search for award
availability as well as actually have alerts sent to you when an award night opens up but i'm kind
of old school i like to kind of just search things myself and the married app surprisingly is the
best at award searches so yeah definitely just made my life a lot easier and so i'm personally
a big fan of this offer
i just opened another one of these cards for myself to get the five free nights there was some
debate in the past that folks were worried about the link being a private leaked link that may
result in a shutdown of your chase account i think a lot of those fears have been alleviated now with
this rerun because now it's available at a very public link i think it's just marriottbonvoy.com
slash five free nights and that links you to this offer so i'll probably open this card for my dad
in the next few weeks and if you remember from a few episodes ago my dad is going to be a potential
p3 for me because i'm getting him into this churning game and funny story is i actually
called him a couple weeks ago just to catch up and randomly at the end of the call right before
i was about to hang up he's like oh yeah by the way i uh i opened a new credit card and i was like
wait what did you open i thought we're not opening new cards and he's like well no this is a really
good offer i was like searching for flights on american and this offer popped up from city
open this city credit card and they were giving me like 20 000 miles to sign up and 20 000 miles
basically covers any flight round trip in the world right and you can probably imagine what
was going through my head as my dad was telling me all of this stuff and i was just like dad we
need to have a proper talk about credit cards like you're not allowed to open any more credit cards
without asking me first and had to explain to my dad why 20 000 airline miles isn't actually
money you need to know the cost of getting a credit card and why it's only 20 000 miles flown on the
plane and why a round trip ticket let's say going to europe is going to cost you like 80 000 miles
not 20 000 even though the distance to europe is not eight i mean you know it was a whole thing and
it was also kind of just uh this funny role reversal because it totally reminded me of like
being a kid and my dad telling me about why i need to get good grades and why good grades matter and
you know just kind of berating me for getting bad grades
credit cards just don't do it ignore those advertisements you see it's all just clickbait
so fingers crossed he listens just for a couple more months because i'm just trying to keep him
under 524 long enough that we can open two southwest cards in october to get them companion
pass so that my mom and my dad can visit me and only have to pay for one person instead of two
so yeah we'll see how it goes on the topic of chase there has been a lot of like questions
around with the new chase inc preferred card is it possible to get approved after 524 and at least
from the like data points over the last month on discord and just reading comments it seems pretty
unlikely that you'll get approved for this chase inc preferred if you're already at 524 it does
seem to be that the majority of data points where someone's like i got approved after 524 is that
they sort of miscounted their five because with chase things like authorized users
if you're an authorized user on another card you can get that discounted during a recon call like
you can have them ignore that authorized user account or if it's like a store credit card like
you have an rei credit card which my dad also has turns out those aren't counted as part of 524
either so i think that's where a lot of the confusion lies that said if you are under 524
i do think that it is easier to get approved for the chase inc preferred currently like if you've
died a lot in the past or had to do a lot of recon or have been given really low credit limits
it seems that chase is a little more lax with approving you if you're under 524 the other
kind of under the radar chase rule that i recently found out about and shout out to chuck and twitch
one for giving me a heads up on this is that even though you have 90 days to meet spend officially
and that's what your chase bonus tracker on the app will show unofficially you actually have more
like a hundred days to meet spend and that's what your chase bonus tracker on the app will show
115 days to meet spend and i did not know this because i'd advised my friend who'd missed the 90
day mark that like there's no point even trying because you'd missed 90 days turns out that was
just terrible advice because if you're within the 115 day window there's a good chance you'll still
get your bonus to post and nowhere talks about that except like a doc article and so i'll include
a link to that article in the show notes but in terms of bonuses on the credit card front in august
i think directly posted i did get a chase inc referral for 40 000 points so definitely a nice
surprise and really appreciate it but otherwise the only other thing with credit cards was that
i used a buying group in august to hit some spend and so if you're not familiar with buying groups
one of the more popular ones is buy for me retail.com i think they tout that they've had over
a billion dollars in payments made through them which i mean really is a pretty massive number
with bfmr buy for me retail they were paying out full retail and a little above retail for
ipads and airpods and so you can always use different sites to order these and ship it to bfmr
like best buy target walmart etc but most of those places will cancel your order because they flag
the bfmr addresses but one interesting thing is that amazon really doesn't give a shit about you
sending stuff to a buying group the main thing with amazon is that you
need to have an account that is well seasoned like you've been using it for other purchases
before and with amazon they usually limit the quantity that you're able to buy of a certain
thing so in this case the ipads you could only buy three of them the airpods you can only buy
three of them but you could buy three of each color of the ipad and so i was able to ship six
ipads and three airpods over to bfmr give them the tracking number and within a few days after
it arrived i've already have the money in my bank account and so yeah
it's really a pretty easy way to meet credit card spend with very minimal risk because you're just
buying stuff on amazon like it's a totally legit thing to do i think the main risk really is if
your package was lost in transit or bfmr loses your package and now you have to figure out okay
who's going to reimburse me and what's going to happen that's when things can get a little dicey
luckily for me knock on wood that hasn't happened yet but that is something to keep in mind if
you're going to try buying groups for the first time
unfortunately the ipad airpod deal is now out of stock i did send a deal alert for it so hopefully
some of you guys were able to get in on it but bfmr is always posting new deals that you can do
so there'll be plenty more opportunities in the future just keep in mind amazon is probably going
to be the easiest way for you to ship over there the other retailers you'll probably need to do
some funky address modification stuff in order to get past their systems that are automatically
flagging and cancelling the deal so i'm going to send a deal alert for it so hopefully some of you
orders that get sent to a bfmr address but tallying up the credit cards for august it was
just that 40 000 points from a chase inc referral moving right on to banks the big bonus that posted
for my p2 was the u.s bank business checking bonus for 750 dollars for making a 15 000 deposit
so for this one we ended up just using ally to deposit the 15 000 and we kept the money there
safe the bonus took about 90 days from account opening to post and one correction i wanted to
make from the previous episode is that u.s bank actually still does allow three thousand dollars
worth of credit card funding if you open a business account so they've disabled that for
personal accounts but as of a few days ago with business accounts you can still fund them with
three thousand dollars from a credit card including american express which is pretty rare for bank
funding so i think for a lot of folks the minimum spend alone is about three thousand dollars
is kind of worth opening this account plus having one of these business checking accounts open
i think makes it a little easier for you to get approved in the future for u.s bank business credit
cards like the leverage card or the triple cash those cards aren't the best like bonus wise but
they are good in between cards when let's say you're cooling down your 524 or you're in between
amex business cards being able to open a u.s bank business card is great because they don't show up
on your personal credit report
so got the 750 from u.s bank then also opened the fidelity bloom card for both myself and p2
and that bonus used to be 50 for depositing 50 which is what both myself and p2 did it under
but now it's actually been raised to a hundred dollars for making a 50 deposit on top of that
when you join they give you a five dollar welcome bonus plus for the first three hundred dollars
that you deposit into their save account you get a 10 percent
so a three hundred dollar deposit gets you thirty dollars so all in all the bonus ends up being
135 for a three hundred dollar deposit and it's just a really easy quick bonus to do especially
if you already have a fidelity login because you can just use the same login to open the bloom
account in like a minute or two keep in mind too this bonus is considered a different bonus than
the brokerage bonuses so if you've done the fidelity brokerage bonus before you are still
able to do the bloom bonus so if you've been procrastinating now is a better time than it was
a few weeks ago to do it because it's now a hundred dollars for myself and p2 we did only
just get fifty dollars though for each of us but that did post along with the five dollar welcome
bonus the ten percent still hasn't posted yet so i'll count that later but for august we ended up
getting a hundred and ten dollars total between the two of us from fidelity bloom i also signed
up for boss money which is a an app that was giving you a hundred dollars to do the fidelity bloom
bonus and you could only do it by joining via a referral link and there was some data points
saying that hey charles schwab should work to just put your five thousand dollars in
and take it right back out however reading the comments recently this bonus seems like it's a
total shit show like the way boss money is handling this bonus is that pretty much everyone
who is sending over their five thousand dollars are having their account frozen
then shut down with an email being like we don't want you as a customer and apparently it's like
just a small team of like nine people and their coo is personally responding to these emails and
locking people's accounts so generally just a mess i mean i think the tldr is they probably
weren't expecting this to be posted on doc and obviously doc attracts a certain crowd that are
there just for the bonus but at the same time you know they're offering a bonus and so turning away
people's money when they meet the qualifications
for this bonus also seems pretty negative so yeah i'm not even going to post my referral link to
this because it just seems like a bit of a dumpster fire and probably just better off avoiding for now
in the realm of more legit bonuses ally has finally gotten in on the bonus train so after i don't even
know how many years i've had ally i've recommended ally to so many people because it's such a good
hub account for doing transfers they finally launched a checking account
product and with it a 200 bonus for signing up and direct depositing 1500 it's not super clear
yet what will qualify as their 1500 direct deposit because this is so new there are no data points
on ally bonuses because they've never offered bonuses before so anyone's guess as to how strict
or not they're going to be with that dd requirement in my case i'm probably just going to be using
chase ach payments it's a service i covered in i think
so 28 on employer dark deposits basically if you have a chase business account you can sign up for
chase ach payments through that business account now back when i did the episode it used to cost
25 per month to use their ach payment service so even if you didn't send any dark deposits out
during that month you would still end up paying 25 i'm not sure when they changed it but as of
like a month or two ago when i looked they've now switched over to a pay-per-use model so
each dark deposit only cost two dollars fifty for your first 10 and then after 10 it's only like 15
cents each going forward but basically 10 dark deposits will cost you 25 but you don't have to
pay a full 25 each month if you only send 1500 to ally it's only going to cost you two dollars 50
for me i think chase ach payments is going to be my preferred method of doing employer dds in the
future because it is going to be a lot more reliable than even why
because in the case of chase ach payments it's coming from your business and so it will show up
under your business name and so if a company let's say ally doesn't automatically mark that as a
proper dark deposit you can easily just message them and say hey this came from a company and
this is a real dark deposit whereas if you use something like wise transfer wise then it's a lot
harder to justify how your wise payment is not just a person-to-person payment so that'll be
our next episode
strategy for this ally bonus i'll update the live churn tracker with our data point once it posts
the sad part with this ally bonus though was that i signed up for myself using a swagbucks link
because i wanted to stack swagbucks and the ally bonus even though the swagbucks terms say that you
can't stack them like you'll only get one or the other i figured i'd try anyway but it was late at
night i drank a few glasses of wine and just completely messed it up because when i clicked
through via swagbucks i was like oh my god i'm going to be like oh my god i'm going to be like
into ally i couldn't find for the life of me the field where you put this promo code the promo code
is get 200 now if you clicked in via your email directly to ally that code auto populates so you
don't have to worry about it but in my case it didn't and i just couldn't find the link and so
unfortunately for me i ended up submitting the application without the code being attached
and after calling and messaging ally and literally spending like an hour on the phone with them
they have no ability to
retroactively add one of these codes so basically i won't be getting the bonus on my end except maybe
the swagbucks but on my p2's end i did manage to apply the code for her properly because she
clicked in via her email so it auto populated so at least for her we're looking forward to a 200
ally bonus finally on the banks front just wanted to give a shout out to chuck over at doc for
making the i bond withdrawal post schedule which is really useful for a lot of people
because a lot of us have i bonds and we're not really sure when to take it out because i bonds
do have this three month penalty and it's going to vary based on when you bought the i bond
and now outside of i bonds you can get like five plus percent so it does make sense to cash them
out but the question is exactly when is the most optimal time so i won't rehash that whole article
here but i'll link to it in the show notes and for us i think we're going to target january 2024
for us to just cash out all of our i bonds and we're going to be able to cash out all of our
i bonds because we're trying to keep our income relatively low in 2023 because we're doing the
fire thing and the way health care subsidies work is that they're based on your income level and so
2023 we're keeping things super low 2024 is where we're trying to defer more of our income because
we'll choose a different health care plan but basically something to keep in mind is that the
interest that you earned on your i bonds when you cash them out that is the year that you're
going to pay taxes on it that's the year that it's going to be treated as income
but tallying everything up from banks it was $750 from us bank and $110 from fidelity for a total of
$860 in august on banks next up we have brokerages so wells fargo the premier checking bonus i had
gotten a $2,500 bonus on that one in the previous recap but in august what i was doing was just
transferring all of those assets from wells fargo back into the bank and i was able to get
into fidelity because keeping anything at wells fargo generally is a terrible idea because i hate
wells fargo and their interface and their brokerage interface is particularly terrible so used fidelity
to initiate an acats transfer from wells fargo back into fidelity and that's always smooth as
butter because fidelity is awesome and it doesn't cost anything to do the acats transfer and it took
about under a week for it to show up then i also downgraded the premier checking to the free
everyday checking because the premier checking comes with a $25
monthly fee so did all of that and everything seems pretty good so now i'm just waiting for
my premier checking bonus to post because that was p2s that posted a couple months back with mine i
did have to fax them some verification documents and i did that a while ago i haven't heard back
so fingers crossed that all went smoothly and actually a listener raymond recommended hello
fax in the future rather than having to go to a fedex kinkos which is what i did to get it faxed
because
wells fargo refused to fax a document to their brokerage department for some really strange
legal reason but in the future yeah if anyone needs to do any kind of faxing it seems like
hello fax is pretty legit because if you google online fax services a lot of these look really
spammy but at least in the case of hello fax it was acquired by dropbox so hopefully a little more
legit than the rest there was also unest which is that brokerage account for kids that was giving
12 000 swag for the first time in a while so i'm not sure if that's true but i'm not sure if that's
for signing up and making a deposit and i did that for both myself and p2 and that posted in
august for 24 000 swag bucks total between the two of us which cashes out at 240 dollars if you
cash it out all at once but the way my p2 and i tend to tackle our swag bucks cash outs is that
if you actually only cash out 25 each month swag bucks offers a discounted cash out rate if you
only do 25
via their i think visa or mastercard prepaid card so instead of it costing 2500 swag bucks
for 25 each month you can do this once you can cash out 2175 swag bucks for 25 and so if you do
the math there 24 000 swag bucks instead of being 240 ends up being 275 if you kind of space that
out each month and that's kind of how we trickle cash our swag bucks is that we just do 25
each month between the two of us ends up being just an extra 50 of play money that we use we
usually just load those gift cards straight into amazon and it becomes amazon money we also had a
couple ally invest bonuses that posted in august so ally invest we got a targeted email from them
where you get a hundred dollars if you make a 50 deposit for three months so we'd signed up for
that a while back and we were just doing internal transfers so from our
ally savings account automated transfer of 50 into the ally invest account because nothing in the
terms said it had to be an outside deposit and it turns out that that totally worked because in
august both myself and p2's hundred dollar bonuses posted so all in all just very nice to see that
ally is finally offering bonuses for some of their accounts because again it is such a great account
to have one of the reasons we like it is because their transfer limits are so high like i think
you can transfer
something like a hundred thousand or five hundred thousand dollars per day via ach and that's within
their limits where some credit unions they're like oh yeah you can cash out two thousand dollars per
day ally is like nope half a million dollars you're good and also you know you can automate
those transfers too their automation is pretty solid so easy two hundred dollars from ally in
august there was also the save account that i covered in the previous recap this is that weird
account where you deposit a thousand dollars and then they'll
put five thousand dollars into a portfolio that you can't touch and then after a year the gains on
that portfolio become your bonus for depositing a thousand dollars so kind of a convoluted process
but it could work out well if the stock market goes up the weird thing and kind of annoying thing that
a lot of us have discovered with save is that during setup you choose a portfolio like do you
want it to be something that matches the smp 500 or do you want to go for something riskier and
they've got like eight or nine thousand dollars of value and then you can deposit a thousand dollars
different portfolios you can pick. And so that's all fine and good, but it turns out that when you
refer someone, the $5,000 that you get from the referral that gets put into a portfolio doesn't
go into the portfolio that you picked. It always goes into their multi-strategy portfolio, which
is some proprietary portfolio that they came up with that per them has good returns. So I mean,
we'll see in a year if that's actually true, but basically you can't have it go into the portfolio
that you pick. Like I want it to go into the S&P 500 one. It will not go in there. It will go into
their multi-strategy one. And they don't say that that's going to happen anywhere on the site. And
it took a few of us to actually message them for them to confirm that, yeah, you don't get a choice
of where that referral bonus goes. The other annoying thing with Save is that they're just
really slow to post any of this stuff. Like after you sign up, it takes them a good week, two,
maybe three weeks for them to actually invest the $5,000.
Into the portfolio that you picked. And someone had asked them why it takes so long. And apparently
it's only like every Wednesday that they go in and do their portfolio investments. Some of mine
still haven't shown up into a portfolio yet. It's really kind of a little bit of a mess, but
assuming they're just slow rather than they're in the process of going out of business because
too many of us signed up and used referrals, fingers crossed it works out in the end. Hopefully
by next month, I'll have a better update on them.
But if you're curious about the S&P 500, you can go to the S&P 500 website,
and you want to try your luck, definitely check out the July recap where I kind of go into
how the whole thing works in a lot more detail. And I also have my referral links
at thedailychurnpodcast.com slash referrals. Really appreciate it if you end up using it.
Finally, on the brokerage front, just an update with Moomoo. So the Moomoo money printer. I'm
guessing you guys are probably pretty sick of hearing about Moomoo at this point. And I kind
of think it's pretty obscene though, the amount of money that has been made through Moomoo referrals.
And it's probably at a point now where every family member, friend, and listener who's ever
heard of Moomoo has signed up for it at this point. I feel like maybe I should just rename
this podcast, The Daily Moomoo. We're already kind of halfway there. The icon for The Daily
Churn Podcast is a cow, which coincidentally is also what Moomoo is. But basically for myself
and P2, after I tally everything up, in August, we ended up making $6,500 in referrals from Moomoo.
And so that's probably about 20, maybe 25 referrals total. And that referral train has
finally, for better or worse, come to an end because they've really now nerfed the referral
program. So it's not nearly as good as it was before, but while it was still active, yeah,
$6,500 in August. And in July, I think it was $7,500.
So in total, myself and P2, we've made $14,000 from Moomoo referrals, which is like our entire
churning goal for the year. My goal is to make $1,000 a month from churning, and so $12,000 a
year. Making $14,000 just from one app is pretty crazy and probably the best churn that I've ever
done so far, you know? And obviously really happy with that. And big thank you to everyone who used
And of course, big shout out to Moomoo for being the patron saint of churners. And I have no idea
how their business model works, but hopefully they stay in business and they do another round
of these referrals in the future. Tallying everything up for brokerages, it was that $275
from Unest in the form of Swagbucks, $200 from Ally Invest, and $6,500 from Moomoo for a total
of $6,975.
Finally, we have discounts and freebies. So the one I've been tackling a lot more recently
is the Kroger Fuel Points. So I did an episode, the previous episode, on exactly how that Kroger
Fuel Points program works. But Kroger has really just been going crazy with their 4x Fuel Points
weekends, where you get 4x Fuel Points for buying a third party or Visa MasterCard gift card. And so
are they going to run this every week? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't
know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't
It's possible. It's sort of looking like this. So who knows if the weekend after this podcast comes
out if they're going to do another one. But the way we tend to do it is we keep it pretty chill
because it's a lot easier that way, where every time we go to Kroger and they're running one of
these promos, we now just pick up a $250 Amazon gift card, and that gives us 1,000 Fuel Points.
And 1,000 Fuel Points gets you up to $35 off of gas. Of course, you can go a lot harder than just
doing $250 of gift cards each time. And there's also ways of cashing out Fuel Points that aren't
gas and all that good stuff. But definitely check out episode 47 if that's something that
you want to look more into. But for us, yeah, keeping it pretty easy, picking up these gift
cards. I won't count the discount directly right now because we haven't gotten the gas yet. We're
just accumulating Fuel Points. But Kroger, man, it's really paying off. There was also this new
thing, well, new to me, but not new in general, which is the Amazon Shopper Panel. So it's an app
run by Amazon. You sign up, and each month, if you upload 10 receipts from the last 30 days,
you get $10 of Amazon credit. So if you do that for yourself and your P2, that's basically $20
of fund money on Amazon every month. And big shout out to Candice on Discord for the heads
up on this because I'm like, I love free Amazon money each month. It's sort of what we do with
our swag bucks. So an extra 20 would be awesome. The only thing is that when you sign up, you are
going to be put into a waitlist. But it does sound like they approve people off the waitlist every
few weeks. So in theory, sign up, and hopefully within a couple weeks, you will be approved for
the Shopper Panel. I'd also gotten a couple Peloton water bottle codes in August. So if you
recall from maybe like a year ago, Peloton was giving out free Peloton water bottles if you
signed up. And of course, I went in and I said, well, I'm going to sign up for the Peloton water
and I signed up with like a bunch of different emails. And I gave away most of those water
bottles because there's only so many water bottles you need in your house. But weirdly,
they sent me a reminder for a couple of them that I guess I forgot to give out. So if you're
interested in a free Peloton water bottle, and these bottles are basically they're glass with
a rubber coating. They usually cost $17 plus shipping, but they give you two codes. One is
to get the bottle for only $1 and then one to give you free shipping. So you end up getting this
bottle. Not quite.
But for a dollar and it's I mean, it's definitely worth at least a dollar. It's a pretty nice
bottle. And yeah, if you want one of these, I have two of them to give away. Just leave a comment
at the dailychurnpodcast.com saying you want it. And I'll email those over to you.
Finally, with freebies and discounts, I thought I'd end this section on a positive note,
which is that I'd gotten some messages from folks, emails and messages on Discord where
listeners have been trying out some of the methods that I went over
in.
I think episode 44, the how to ask for upgrades, discounts and free stuff. And it's been really
awesome hearing all the positive success stories from people where it's like, yeah, this stuff
actually works. So I wanted to just kind of highlight a few of them where, let's see,
Calvin had a United Airlines flight that was super delayed and ended up getting cancelled.
And they submitted a request being like, hey, can I get reimbursement and compensation?
And of course, United being United, the response is like,
no, that situation's out of United's control. But then when they pushed just one more time,
United ended up giving them 7,500 United Airlines miles.
NASA Flyer was able to do the any chance you could magic words with their Chase Inc cash and got the
offer matched from the 75,000 point offer to the 90,000 point offer. And I've done that myself
a few times as well. Marouk ended up getting free French fries, $9 worth with their meal just by
asking for it. And I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good
thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think
that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good
thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think
that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing.
XYZ got 20% off at a toy store. Just really awesome to hear these stories. They definitely,
you know, wore my little churner heart to see you guys going out there and getting free stuff just
by asking. And if you're listening to this and you have like no idea what I'm talking about,
definitely listen to that episode, as well as also just read the book. A lot of what I say is
based off a book called Getting More. It's probably one of my favorite books that I recommend
to people because it really just kind of changes how you go about life on a pretty fundamental
level. The other one I actually really like, you know, just quickly on the topic of books
is if you're still doing corporate stuff, like you're still working in a corporate environment,
there's this book, Crucial Conversations, that I recommend to everyone as well. It's like the
Getting More, but for like corporate stuff. How it changes how you go about the corporate world
is how Getting More will change how you go about just your day-to-day life. So if you're curious
and you're looking for something to read, I'll have links to those in the show notes as well.
Otherwise, nothing directly in August from discounts and freebies, but tallying everything
up in August, we had 40,000 chase points from the Inc. referral. Banks, there was $860 worth
from U.S.A. and U.S.A. and U.S.A. and U.S.A. and U.S.A. and U.S.A. and U.S.A. and U.S.A. and U.S.A. and
U.S. Bank and Fidelity. Brokerages, there was $275 from Unest, $200 from Ally, and $6,500 from
Moomoo for a total of $7,835 plus 40,000 ultimate reward points from Chase.
Yeah, just a really massive month again. I think July and August were the best months that I've
ever had churning-wise. All thanks to Sugar Daddy Moomoo for carrying the team here, and
I guess even without Moomoo, it was still a pretty good month. There was that $1,300 worth
of cash plus 40,000 ultimate reward points, which is still pretty good and beats my monthly $1,000
goal, but combining the two, yeah, definitely a crazy month.
Alright folks, that's it for this episode. As always, you can find all of the churns that I
discussed today in the live churn tracker, as well as in the show notes at thedailychurnpodcast.com.
If you're subscribed to the free newsletter, you should have also received
all of these show notes and links in your email as well.
But otherwise, I will catch you all next time. Thanks for tuning in. See ya.
