right now is southwest companion pass season where you can open a couple chase southwest cards
and earn companion pass for all of 2024 and 2025 so two years worth of companion pass for just
opening two cards so easily one of the best deals out there for award travel through credit cards
hey everyone welcome to episode 52 of the daily churn today's episode is going to be a recap of
all of the things that i churned in october october was uh another pretty busy month they've
all been pretty busy months lately but i think things will die down a little bit over the
holidays but for october there was pretty much a bit of everything we have credit cards banks
brokerages a bunch of freebies and discounts and a bunch of other things that i churned
this time but i i thought i'd kick this episode off with some general churning news because there
was quite a few interesting developments the one that i just discovered today is that the target
red card churns are officially back so they're not as good as they used to be back in the day
you could do like a double dip where you use the coupon in store and online and then a quadruple
dip where you'd open the reloadable and the debit card sadly those days are behind us because you
used to be able to open one of these cards every 90 days
and earlier this year that stopped working however based on recent data points on doctor of credit
it seems that the churn is still possible what happened was they just moved it from 90 days
to a 180 day timer from when you last opened your red card so in my case i had a red card that was
opened in march of this year and had since been closed and i hadn't been able to open another red
card because the 90 day timer no longer applies however today after seeing some of the data points
i went and applied for a new target debit card and was instantly approved and it's been just over
180 days since i last opened my card so that timer does seem to check out and now is a great time to
open them because the bonus has increased to 50 so if you spend 50 at target you get 50 back
it's no longer a paper coupon it's a coupon you load into your red card app and so you can only
use it once but it's still a free 50 at target basically every six months
there's also some data points of potentially the reloadable card that timer having been reset
recently sometime in august because a lot of us had opened that reloadable card in january and
were not able to open a second card and you know i kept trying for a few months and then kind of
stopped but it seems that sometime in the summer like around august they reset that again and a lot
of people were able to open another reloadable card so that's on my list to try as well and then
to do the same for p2 to get a couple more targets and then i'm going to go ahead and open another
well soon but it's no longer a target discount just keep in mind that the reloadable doesn't
send you a coupon the way the reloadable works is you load up your reloadable card and then spend
it at target and then you'll just get a discount for i think forty dollars or fifty dollars right
now during the promo so all in all really great deal really easy to do and i think this new 50
bonus period goes until early december so plenty of time to close out your old red cards and try
again for these new red cards in other news a little update is coming up shortly as well shortатель is out for sale in the data conference the price of taraniא concepts some of you
less positive, Wyndham and Vecasa have devalued the redemption rates a little bit. So 15,000
Wyndham points used to be able to get you a Vecasa rental where the nightly cost of each bedroom was
$500 or under. So if the place had like four bedrooms and the nightly rate was $2,000, you'd
be able to redeem 15,000 Wyndham points because each bedroom counts as less than 500 when you
divide the 2,000 by four. So the devaluation changed that to $350 per bedroom inclusive of
taxes. So quite a bit lower than the 500, but it's still just a really, really good deal for
15,000 Wyndham points. And in case you missed it, which I wasn't aware until recently, Wyndham and
Vecasa have a partnership where you can use Wyndham points for Vecasa. And that's by far
the best value use of Wyndham points. So I'd actually just opened a Wyndham card specifically
to...
To redeem towards Vecasa rentals. And then they did this devaluation, but I mean, it is still a
good deal. I mean, if you imagine renting like a Vecasa that has three bedrooms and if each bedroom
can only be $350 a night, you're still looking at $1,050 per night for that three bedroom place
for only 15,000 Wyndham points. It's pretty easy to find rentals for under $1,000 a night with
three bedrooms. And so 15,000 is still a great value for that high of a nightly rate.
Especially considering how many points the Wyndham card can earn if you spend it in the
right category. So we'll cover that a little bit more when we get to credit cards.
On the topic of award travel, one thing that I've been really excited about is that Capital One
is finally opening a lounge in Denver and it is almost open. Like we are literally a week or two
away from opening. And I know this because there's a Denver Lounge
Capital One Reddit thread that I've been refreshing daily. And it's been very active.
Like people are like, oh, I want to go to Denver Lounge. And I'm like, oh, I want to go to Denver Lounge.
People will post their photos every time they fly through Denver and give updates on how close
or not the lounge is to opening. And there've been a lot of different dates thrown out and
it's been pushed back for a month or two now. But November 14th seems to be the latest date.
And I'm hoping it's a little bit earlier because I have a flight through Denver coming up. And
I've really wanted to check out this lounge because the Capital One lounges are shaping up
to be the best lounges out of all of the various lounge products available in the U.S.
Like they have just a full bar, baristas that can make custom coffee drinks. I think they've
partnered with some fancy coffee brand to make really good coffee. They give you snack bags to
go so you can take snacks onto the plane. The whole experience just seems like it's going to
be way over the top in a good way. And for me, the best part really is just the fact that it's
probably going to be pretty empty. Like you need a VentureX card to access this lounge.
I literally opened a new VentureX business card just to go to the lounge.
This lounge. So fingers crossed it's open in time. But on the topic of lounges, I did recently go
through Boston Airport and the Sapphire Lounge in there. I mean, my mind was blown. Like that
Chase Sapphire Lounge was probably better than most first class and business class lounges I've
been in, even in Asia. Like this was top tier. Like they had made to order food that you order
through an app on your phone and they bring it to your table. You can even order drinks like
beer and cocktails from your table and they have a waiter bring it to you. They have this full
like real bar with pretty much any custom cocktail you can make. It was pretty insane. And for someone
who mostly just goes to the Centurion lounges when they travel around in the US, it was a pretty
eye-opening experience. And I'm like, I wish they would have more of these lounges around because
that's the main downside is there aren't that many. But the ones that they do have, your priority
pass will actually get you access.
I think you get one free visit under your priority pass per calendar year for you and your guests.
So that's how P2 and I got in because we're in between Sapphire cards at the moment. But I'm
like, if they had more of these Sapphire lounges, I would probably permanently keep a Sapphire card
in my wallet. So yeah, check it out if you get a chance. Definitely very cool. On a different note,
on November 9th, which is I think a Thursday, Bank of America is doing their 2% extra cash back day.
So if you have, for example, a Bank of America,
card that gives you like 1.5%, like the unlimited cash rewards, or you get 3% through the custom
cash rewards card on November 9th, specifically, they're bumping that up an extra 2%. So your
unlimited card now gets 3.5% and your custom cash now gets 5% back. And if you have Platinum
Honors, that's even higher. I think with Platinum Honors, because you get that 75% cash back boost,
it ends up being 4.62% on your unlimited cash and 7.25%
cash back boost. So if you have a Bank of America card that gives you 1.5% and your custom cash now gets
4.62% cash back on your custom cash. So really high rates. It is capped though. So you can spend,
I think up to $2,500 per card on that day, which essentially nets you an extra $50 bonus. So
worth doing if you have one of those cards, even if you're just going to go
buy some gift cards, because it's a great cash back rate.
All right, getting back to the recap, starting with credit cards. The big news with credit cards
is that Southwest has increased the signup offer on the personal cards. So now it's 75,000 points
for $3,000 of spend on any of the Southwest personal cards. This is particularly useful
because right now is Southwest Companion Pass season, where you can open a couple of Chase
Southwest cards and earn Companion Pass for all of 2024 and 2025. So two years worth of Companion
Pass for just opening two cards. So you can open a couple of Chase Southwest cards for all of 2024
easily one of the best deals out there for award travel through credit cards.
If you're not familiar with that process, I did an episode on it. I think it's episode 10
on the Southwest Companion Pass and how to earn it through credit cards. There's also a really
great Reddit FAQ thread that has a ton of up-to-date information and answers to a lot
of questions that people usually have when it comes to qualifying and earning Companion Pass.
The quick and dirty though, is that there are a few different ways of hitting
Companion Pass, which requires 135,000 miles. The easiest is probably going to be opening one
business card for 80,000 points and opening one of these new personal cards for 75,000 points.
But you can also do different permutations where let's say you open two business cards,
like you can open the performance card for 80,000 and the premier for 60,000. And unlike
the personal cards with business cards, you can earn bonuses on each of those cards with the
personal cards.
It's kind of like the Chase Sapphires where you can only earn one bonus. So if you open like one
Sapphire and a Sapphire Reserve, you're not eligible for both bonuses. Same with the Southwest
personal cards. There's three flavors of personal cards, but you can only get that 75,000 point
bonus once on one of the cards. That's not the case with their business cards.
However, as with all things, there is a workaround to that. If you did want to open two personal
cards, there is a way to bypass that family rule.
The way to do it is the same as the Sapphire cards, which is the modified double dip. So it's
kind of a lengthy process. I won't go into it here, but I will link to that MDD, modified double dip
Reddit thread where someone has laid out exactly how to approach that and also link to the Southwest
companion pass FAQ thread on Reddit. But for us, for myself and P2, we usually just alternate every
two years as to who gets the companion pass because it's good for two years. So my P2 had it for the
last two years and now it's my turn. So I'm going to go ahead and open one of those. So I'm going to
open one of those. So I'm going to open one of those. So I'm going to open one of those. So I'm going to
and now it's my turn. So we'll be opening a couple of these cards in November. I'm right now just
waiting for the referral offers on the personal card to update to that 75,000 point bonus as well.
The other big credit card development in October was that it became a lot easier to get the 170,000
point business platinum offer to show up as well as the 150,000 point business gold Amex offer to
show up. So before it used to be a lot easier to get the 170,000 point business platinum offer to
show up. So before it used to take a lot of trial and error and opening incognito windows and VPNs and
trying on different days and times, it was a whole thing. But in October, it became really easy.
Someone posted a link that pretty much at least 50% of the time would pull up the 170,000 point
offer immediately. And by pulling up that offer, you could then navigate to the 150,000 point
business gold offer. So a lot of people were able to take advantage of that because if you're able
to pull up the offer and you're able to get through the application,
without a pop-up, it essentially functions as a no lifetime limit offer. So even if you have the
card or have had the card recently, if you manage to make it through the application without Amex
throwing you a pop-up saying, Hey, you're not eligible for the bonus. As long as you don't get
that pop-up, you're golden. You're going to get the bonus. So a lot of people were able to get
it to work. Both myself and P2 were hit with pop-ups on both the business gold and the business
platinum. So we weren't able to get it, but a lot of data points,
people being able to get it. And it's a really great offer because these are really high offers.
It's about as good as it gets. And especially for the business gold Amex has recently changed
some of the benefits and increased the annual fee, but the new annual fee doesn't go into effect
until I think early next year. So if you're able to sign up now and get approved, you're getting
the increased benefits without paying the increased fee. And you're also joining under
a heavily increased offer, like 150,000 Amex points.
For the business gold is really, really high. So if you haven't tried pulling up the offer and
seeing if you get a pop-up, definitely worth doing it. I just tried earlier today and I'm
still seeing the 170,000 point offer when I click the link. Unfortunately, I'm still getting pop-ups,
but Hey, your mileage may vary. And I will include links to that in the show notes.
What I was able to open in October was a new Capital One Business Venture X card.
And the reason I went with the business one was because
both myself and P2 have had the regular Venture X card in the last 48 months. And Capital One,
at least for the Venture X cards is on a 48 month churn cycle. So not eligible for the personal
Venture X, but was eligible for the business Venture X. The only thing with the business
Venture X is that the bonus of 150,000 Capital One points, which is worth $1,500 towards travel.
So really good deal, but it requires 30,000,
dollars worth of spend. So quite a high amount of spend. There's also a $395 annual fee,
but you do get a $300 travel credit that you can use in the Capital One travel portal. So
assuming you're able to use that, which isn't too hard, it's like basically a free card or a $95
annual fee card. So not too bad, but the $30,000 worth of spend, unless you have plans for how
you're able to get that can be challenging to meet in only three months. Luckily, you know,
all of this deal alert stuff, I have more spend options these days than I have minimum spends to
meet just between all the various bank funding options that I've sent out deal alerts for plus
buying groups and various other little hacks. It's not going to be an issue to hit 30K in three
months. And that's great because we have a bunch of travel coming up that would be great to redeem
the $1,500 worth of points towards, as well as, you know, getting access to those Capital One
lounges is definitely a big consideration. And I think that's going to be a big consideration
and the other benefit of this card is that most Capital One business cards actually do report
on your personal credit report. So unlike Chase and Amex, they do report it, but not this VentureX
card, not the Business VentureX card. That one does not get put on your personal credit report,
which is also great for 524 reasons. So definitely a card worth considering if you can look past the
high spend requirement, but you know, if you need ideas for spend, definitely check out deal alerts.
Another card I opened in October was the Wyndham Business Earners card. So it's a business card
and the signup bonus was pretty meh. I mean, it was 45,000 points for $3,000 of spend. That's worth
about three nights out of a Casa rental at 15,000 points per night. It's not bad, but you can do
better. I think the offer has been as high as like 90,000 points before. The main reason I got it was
because I wanted to churn more Wyndham points because I wanted to use it towards Vecasa rentals.
And the reason why the Wyndham card is so good for that is because it earns 8x points on purchases
at gas stations. So 8x is an absolutely insane multiplier. There's no other card, I think,
that offers 8 points per dollar on any category, but with Wyndham, it's on gas. And so if you have
a way to generate spend,
at gas stations or in gas categories, then it's a great card because you can essentially just
stock up on Wyndham points that you can then later use for Vecasa rentals. Even with the devaluation,
it's still a really good deal. The only downside with this card that I opened is that thanks to
Barclay's top-notch approval process, they only gave me a $2,000 credit limit. So the most I can
spend on this card in gas is $2,000 a month.
So basically, I can generate one free Vecasa night every month. So not bad, but I wish I had a higher
credit limit. And I guess I should just be happy that I was instantly approved for this card
because there's also data points in the Discord of folks being really just thrown around the
ringer by Barclays where they're like having to fax and call in multiple times. And it took like
30 or 60 days to even eventually get approved after multiple phone calls.
So I guess I'm just happy that I got approved instantly. But just keep in mind, if you are going
for this card, you may end up with a low credit limit, or you may get stuck in the Barclays
underwriting approval process for a couple months. In terms of credit card bonuses that actually
posted in October, my Bank of America Business Unlimited Cash Rewards card, that one finally
posted it was $500 of cash back for spending $5,000. And yeah, it was a pretty easy bonus. I
mean, the specific bonus is still around if you want to tackle it yourself. $500 for $5,000 is like
a 10% return. Pretty okay for a credit card signup bonus. And it's good sometimes to diversify
your various credit cards. And especially if you want the benefits of it, which is the 1.5%
cash back, which is as high as 2.62% cash back. If you have Platinum Honors, it can be a pretty
lucrative card if you're able to generate spend on it. And one correction I wanted to make,
I think the previous recap episode was that I thought that getting Platinum Honors at Bank of
America would give you that increased cash back bonus, that 75% increased cash back bonus for all
of your cards, whether it's business or personal. Turns out I was very wrong about that. There's
actually Platinum Honors for your personal accounts and separately Platinum Honors for
your business accounts. So if you have business cards and you have Platinum Honors on the personal
account, it's not going to give you the bonus on the business cards. You have to earn it on the
business side. And Platinum Honors is where you need to have $100,000 in deposits or stock in
order to qualify. And so you need that on the business side as well, if you want your business
cards to also have that increased cash back. So now I'm in the process of figuring out how to open
a business investment account with Bank of America, because I don't really want to leave
$100,000 of cash with Bank of America. I'd rather leave $100,000 of
stock. So if anyone knows logistically how to make a business investment account at Bank of America
work or how that even works or how do you transfer stocks into one of these accounts, I'd love any
input or advice. So definitely let me know in the comments. But for now, yeah, not getting that
increased 75% cash back bonus, but I did get the $500 signup bonus. Finally, on the credit card
front, P2 had a Chase Inc. Preferred signup bonus that posted, which was 100,000 points.
And that was for spending $8,000. So that's a pretty nice bonus. I think it ended up being
more like 110,000 Chase points after hitting the spend as well. On top of that, some Chase Inc.
Referrals also posted in October. I think I had a couple from friends that I referred and a couple
from listeners of the show. So if that was you, really appreciate it. And, you know, big thank
you for using my referral link. So tallying up the Chase stuff, there was that 110,000
signup bonus plus 160,000 from referrals for a total of 270,000 Chase points in October.
And tallying everything up on the credit cards front, there was $500 from that Bank of America
Business Unlimited plus that 270,000 Chase points. So pretty good month for credit cards.
Moving on to banks, the Capital One 360 checking bonus for P2 posted in October. And that was the
P2 direct deposits. And what actually ended up working was just regular Chase direct deposits.
And that was able to trigger the $350 bonus. So easy 350 there. I've also been working on P2's
ally bonus, which unfortunately still hasn't posted. So I think I need a follow up on that
one because we ended up using Chase Business ACH to trigger that $1,500 direct deposit.
And that was back in September and no bonus is posted. And I'm looking at the
data points on DOC and people who initiated their transfers in like mid-October have already
received the bonus. So I think something didn't work out for us there, which is weird because
there are data points in the comments of Chase Business ACH working. And that seems to be the
theme with this ally bonus is that the data points are pretty mixed. Like some things will work for
people like Wise and just not work for others. Same thing is happening with the Chase Business
ACH payments. Same thing.
Charles Schwab sometimes. So my next plan is to just try Wise and try Schwab and hopefully one
of those two will work. So we'll see. Hopefully in the next month, I'll have a positive update
on this bonus. Finally, with banks, I received four upgrade referrals. Each of those were worth
$50. And the offer basically is you refer someone, you get 50 and they get 150 if they direct deposit
$1,000. So pretty easy bonus.
And again, thank you everyone who used one of those referral links because that ended up being
$200 in upgrade referrals in October. So tallying everything up together for banks, it was the $350
from Capital One plus $200 from upgrade for a total of $550 on banks.
Next up, we have brokerages. So brokerages really was a massive month in October and definitely
carried the team because with brokerages, my big Wells Fargo $2,500
bonus finally posted. And so that was the one where you deposited $250,000 in assets with Wells
Fargo. And I think you kept it there for like three months and then you get a $2,500 bonus. So
really big bonus. And so for us, we just moved stocks over from Fidelity. And now that the bonus
is posted, we've moved the stocks right back to Fidelity because who wants to leave anything
really with Wells Fargo? So got $2,500.
From them in October. There was also a Robinhood bonus that I saw on DOC in October, which was that
Robinhood is giving you 1% of your transfer amount as a bonus. So if you move, let's say,
$100,000 in stocks to Robinhood, they'll give you a 1% bonus, so $1,000. So the more you're able to
move, the bigger the bonus. And that's a pretty good bonus. Like if you happen to have a million
dollars, you're going to get $10,000. If you have a hundred million dollars,
approximately, you're going to get $1,000. So that's a pretty good bonus.
Apparently, Robinhood is going to give you a million dollars as a bonus. It's totally uncapped.
So in that sense, it could be a massive bonus. And I'm kind of interested in it, but the downside is
that it has a two-year holding period. So whatever funds you move in, if you don't want to forfeit the
bonus, you got to leave those funds at Robinhood. And the issue with that is Robinhood is not
necessarily the best brokerage. I mean, they're pretty easy to use, but anecdotally, I've heard
that their more advanced features are kind of lacking and they have cost basis transfer issues
where they may lose your cost basis when you move stocks over. So that's part of my hesitation. Plus
we like to churn brokerage bonuses where we move our stocks to different brokerages to tackle
various brokerage bonuses. And we usually move multiple brokerages in a year. So having to stick
with one brokerage for two years, there's an opportunity cost to that. At the same time,
it is a pretty nice bonus. Like if you're able
to move $250,000 worth of stocks, that's a $2,500 brokerage bonus, which matches the
Wells Fargo one that we just did. So kind of weighing the pros and cons, still thinking about
it and should have an update for that in November. On the topic of Robinhood, they also have a IRA
bonus, an IRA match bonus. So usually retirement accounts are excluded from bonuses. So it's nice
to see one on a retirement account. And this bonus gets good if you have Robinhood
Gold. If you're not familiar with that, it's a $5 monthly subscription to join Robinhood Gold and
you get some benefits. One of which is with this bonus, they do a 3% match on your IRA. So 3% is not
a whole ton and it doesn't apply to IRA transfers. So if you rolled over, let's say your IRA from
Fidelity, you wouldn't get this 3% match. It's only for new contributions and your new contributions
are going to be cashed out. So you're not going to be able to get a 3% match on your IRA. So if you're
at the annual limit. So with an IRA, I believe it's a $6,500 annual contribution limit for 2023.
So at 3%, you basically get $195 of free money from Robinhood who will contribute that into
your IRA. But keep in mind that Robinhood Gold costs you $5 a month, which is $60 a year. So if
you subtract that, you're getting basically $135 bonus, which is not bad. I mean, if you got to
it into an IRA anyway, you may as well get an extra $135, right? But the downside is that you do
have to hold that IRA at Robinhood for five years. It's a five-year holding period. So is that worth
it? I think it's going to be up to you as to whether or not you want to be with Robinhood for
that long, but it's nice. Most places aren't offering IRA bonuses. So something to think
about. Another little brokerage bonus that we've been tackling is with Moomoo. I think last month
or the month before, we had a little brokerage bonus that we've been tackling with Moomoo. And I think
they were doing a $100 bonus for transferring $2,000 worth of stocks over. And the easy way to
do that is with Fidelity, you can just spin up a new account, move $2,000 in and buy SGOV,
which is the short-term government treasury bond, and transfer that new account over to Moomoo.
And this sounds like a lot of work, but it really is very easy. It took literally two minutes to
move that account over to Moomoo and get $100. And Moomoo credits that as a coupon,
which you're not able to redeem yet until I think November 9th is when everyone gets to
redeem them. So I'm waiting until November 9th, but both myself and P2 are seeing that coupon
in our accounts. Additionally, when I log into Moomoo, I'm seeing a new transfer offer where
now it's transfer $3,000 into Moomoo to get another $100 coupon. So planning on doing that
again. And I believe that new promo goes until November 30th. So plenty of time to do that.
If you're not familiar with Fidelity and how easy they make these ACATS transfers,
definitely check out, I think it was a couple episodes ago where I did a breakdown of exactly
how you can use Fidelity to maximize some of your brokerage churns. Finally, on the brokerage front,
Webull is also doing something similar to Moomoo. For existing users, you can transfer in $2,000
worth of stock to get $100 at Webull. So I'm again in the process of opening another
Fidelity account where I can move $2,000 by SGOV and then ACATS transfer to Webull and do that for
both myself and P2. So super easy process, really easy brokerage bonuses, and hopefully they'll post
in the next couple months. But tallying up brokerages, it was just that $2,500 from Wells
Fargo. Moving on to freebies and discounts. So a really busy month actually. There was a Verizon
offer for existing subscribers where you could get Netflix premiums.
For a year, which now I think goes for like $23 a month, but a year of Netflix premium plus a year
of stars or AMC plus for $75. So total $75. And that turned out really well for those of us that
are doing the free iPhone deal, because we're currently on Verizon waiting to port over to
T-Mobile. So if you're currently on Verizon, it was kind of just a nice bonus deal that you could
do to get Netflix and stars for $75.
Versus Netflix itself would cost you $276 now a year. So getting that for $75 means you basically
save $200 on Netflix and also get stars for free if anyone uses stars for anything. So yeah,
ended up getting a $200 discount on Netflix. There was also a $75 Uber voucher for joining
Clear. So hat tip to Anon43 for the heads up on that over on Discord. But basically,
if you signed up for Clear,
which most of us have for free through our Amex Platinum cards,
you get that $75 Uber credit. And luckily for me, I was on a Clear trial. Like when I signed up for
Clear on my Platinum, they were just like, here's two months free. And then after two months,
you'll start paying for it. So I was still on that two month trial, which meant I could cancel
the trial and then sign up again and actually pay for it and get that $75 Uber voucher. So the
timing really worked out there. Unfortunately, that deal is now dead,
but what I did discover when I was canceling my Clear was that when you cancel Clear,
they'll give you an offer to extend your Clear membership for free for two extra months.
So if you know you're going to be in between Clear memberships or Amex Platinums, what you can do,
anyone really right now is log onto your Clear and just click the cancel button and you'll get
to a page where they're like, are you sure you want to cancel? Here's two extra free months.
And you just say, accept. And now your Clear membership,
it's pushed out by two extra months. So really no harm in doing it for anyone really. But yeah,
got a $75 Uber voucher in October from Clear for signing up.
There was also a pretty fun deal that randomly popped up while I was scrolling
Slick Deals as I do, which was that QVC had a $30 coupon for new members. And I didn't even
know QVC had a website. I thought they were just a telly shopping thing, but they do. And they were
doing this $30 offer. And I was like, oh, that's a good deal. And I was like, oh, that's a good deal.
And I was like, oh, that's a good deal. And I was like, oh, that's a good deal. And I was like, oh,
$30 off. And apparently QVC sells a lot of different things, including video games. And so
the deal that got posted on Slick Deals was that you could get Super Mario Brothers Wonder, the
newest one, for $35 on QVC because the game usually costs like $60, but you use your $30 off coupon
and you get it for half the price essentially. And the timing there could not have been better
because earlier that week, we had just gone to Walmart and bought at full price,
Super Mario Brothers Wonder. So then we saw the deal. And so just returned the other one to
Walmart and got this QVC deal. And the thing with the QVC deal is that they actually sell
other games as well. So the coupon is $30 off of $60 on anything. So you could get a variety
of Nintendo games that are eligible for this. And if you're not quite at $60, you can actually just
make a donation, let's say a dollar or two donation just to get to the $60 threshold so that you can
use that $30 off coupon. So I think that coupon is still available. And I'll post a link to the
Slick Deals thread where you can see what some of the games people are buying are. But basically for
us, we saved $30 by buying it through QVC instead of Walmart. I also redeemed $180 worth of Capital
One shopping credit between mine and P2's account because with Capital One shopping, it's like this
extension that you install. And once you install it and you refer someone,
they install it, you get a $30 signup bonus and they get a $30 signup bonus. So both myself and
P2, we each got a $30 signup bonus for referring each other. Plus I got $30 for referring P2.
And on top of that, a few folks from the podcast joined using my referral as well. So in total,
it was like two signup bonuses and four referrals, including one from P2 for a total of $180 in
total. And I say credit because you can't just cash that into your bank account. You have to
use it towards gift cards that you buy on their Capital One like reward redemption portal. And
luckily they do have an okay selection of gift cards. Like there's Lowe's, eBay, DoorDash,
Albertsons, Hulu, like some pretty useful places. And for us, we just redeemed it all for Lowe's
because Lowe's for us is basically as good as cash. Speaking of Lowe's, there was actually also
some pretty good Lowe's offers.
During the Amex member week that they had in October. So with Lowe's, it was spend $200 and
get $50 through the Amex offer. And that was an easy one to do because Lowe's sells gift cards.
So we just bought $200 worth of Amazon gift cards and got $50 back from the Amex offer
on our business platinum. There was also a $50 off of $100 on Dell, but we didn't need anything
on Dell and we'd already used up our $200 of Amex Dell credit.
But I know a lot of people were able to take advantage of that Dell offer too.
Interestingly, like within a week after using that Lowe's offer, the same Amex business platinum
now has another offer at Lowe's, which is $50 off when you spend $250. So you spend a little bit
more, but you still get 50 bucks back. And that one's good all the way through end of December,
whereas the previous ones ended during Amex member week. So I have that offer currently added
and probably in the future. So I'm looking forward to that.
So I'm probably just going to buy another $250 of Amazon gift cards to get another $50
back through Amex. And another offer that I just added that is probably worth checking
to see if you have it too is a hundred dollars off of $250 of spend at Marriott. So if you
have a Marriott trip coming up, uh, we're going to Hawaii next month, then it could
be a pretty good one because what is that? Like a 40% discount at Marriott on $250 of
spend.
basically a 40% discount on drinks or massage or breakfast. So yeah, really good deal. And
hopefully we'll be redeeming those in November. But for October, it was just the $50 from spending
$200 in Lowe's that posted. Speaking of Amazon gift cards, there was a pretty weird glitch that
happened last week with Amazon where they discounted a bunch of different gift cards,
including like Starbucks. And I think even just straight up Amazon gift cards were discounted too,
where it was showing $50 to buy $100 of Amazon gift cards, so 50% off. And it got posted on
Slick Deals. And as you can imagine, people went crazy on these because it's basically free money
at 50% off. And I think someone on Discord had mentioned that they'd seen someone who'd ordered
50 of these Amazon gift cards. And as you can imagine, what ended up happening was Amazon was
like, oops, this was a glitch. It shouldn't have happened and canceled everyone's orders. But
what was funny is that these were physical gift cards. And so all of these gift cards had already
shipped. So in my case, I only ordered the Starbucks ones because I didn't see the Amazon
one. Otherwise, I probably would have ordered a bunch of those as well. But I did order like two
Starbucks gift cards. And those were only discounted, I think like 20 or 30%. So I thought
it was actually a pretty reasonable discount. But those got canceled too. And I still received those
gift cards in the mail, but they're just deactivated. I tried adding it on my Starbucks
app and it did not work. Amazon canceled those, never activated them. But what they did do was
for everyone, I think, who ordered one of these erroneous gift cards, they sent us all a $25
courtesy credit for the trouble. So got a free 25 bucks from Amazon for their mistake. I'm very
curious as to how this error ended up happening. Like, was it just a bunch of interns messing
around or? Yeah.
Very strange glitch, but got a free 25 bucks. I also got 60 bucks from Amazon for one of those
40% off Amazon with one Amex point offers. And that one was, yeah, a full 40% up to $60. So
basically if you spent $150, you get $60 back. Always a good deal because Amazon discounts are
basically like free money. And that was refreshed right around Amazon big deal days. So the trend
that, you know, I've been noticing is that Amazon discounts are basically like free money.
Whenever Amazon does one of their major events like prime day or big deal days,
they will refresh these offers. So even if you've done them before, it's worth checking again to see
if you're retargeted. And I was retargeted. So that was a free $60, which I was able to use
during their big deal days and big deals days were, it was fine. I mean, I think the deals were
mostly useful if you were shipping a bunch of items to buying groups, which was what we ended
up doing with the various iPads. So I think that's a good thing. And I think that's a good thing.
Amazon products. There was also another TV deal during big deal days and both myself and P2 signed
up. We were not invited. I think most people weren't, but one person on discord, Yana did get
an invite. I don't think she actually needed or wanted the TV though. So didn't end up redeeming
it, but it's at least proof that it does happen. You know, there is at least like a 1% chance that
Amazon invites you to buy one of their discounted TVs for like a hundred bucks. Finally, with
discounts and freebies, just a couple of quick discounts that I did, which was that Starbucks
was offering 50% off of handcrafted drinks on October 26th only. And so, yeah, got a matcha
iced tea for a 50% off and saved a few bucks that way. And on October 31st, Halloween Chipotle is
doing $6 entrees. So you can get like a burrito or burrito bowl for only $6. Whereas usually it
costs like 13 or $14. And I'm really excited about that. So yeah, I think that's a good thing.
I'm recording this the day before Halloween. So I haven't redeemed that one yet, but I plan to,
so I'm going to count it. So $3 from Starbucks in savings and $7 from Chipotle for a total of
$10 in food discounts. Tallying up all of the freebies and discounts, there was that $200
from Verizon for Netflix, $75 in Uber vouchers from Clear, $30 from QVC for Mario, $180 in
Capital One gift cards, $50 saved at Lowe's, $50 saved at Walmart, and $50 saved at Walmart.
$25 from the Amazon glitch plus $60 from Amazon for using one Amex point as well as $10 from
Starbucks and Chipotle for a total of $630 in discounts and freebies. So really great month
for discounts and freebies. Usually it's not in the high hundreds. All right. So tallying everything
up across all the categories from credit cards, there was that $500 from Bank of America plus
270,000 chase points with banks, $550 from Capital One and Upgrade, brokerages, $2,500 from Wells
Fargo, discounts and freebies, that's $630 for a total of $4,180 plus 270,000 chase points in
October. Yeah, really, really massive month. I think a big part of that due to Wells Fargo,
but still pretty good. I mean, my goal is usually $1,000 and this quadrupled that,
I think October is probably going to be the last big month because churns tend to slow down a little
bit over the holidays, not due to like lack of churns, but more just like I start slowing down
during the holidays and take more time off. So yeah, really pleased with that and definitely
kind of a, just a nice way to transition towards the end of the year. All right, everyone, that's
it for this episode. As always, you can find everything we discussed today in the live churn
tracker, which has all of my churns as I churn them along with notes and dates.
Data points and links. So if you haven't subscribed to that, definitely check it out.
It's totally free to join and also gets you access to the newsletter where show notes are sent out,
which also has all of the links. So you can find all of that good stuff at thedailychurnpodcast.com.
But otherwise I will catch you all next time for another episode. Thanks again for tuning in.
See ya.
Bye.
