you can withdraw those same funds out of the roth ira after only five years
the 59 and a half age rule no longer applies to withdrawing the money that you converted over
hey everyone welcome to episode 55 of the daily churn today's episode is going to be all about
roth iras and more specifically roth conversion ladders that are possible thanks to a roth ira
it's a topic i find particularly fascinating because i think it's a great example of how
our current system of taxation is
basically made by churners there are so many loopholes in the tax code that have been
intentionally designed and implemented to help save you a ton of money on your taxes if you know
they exist the roth ira in my opinion is probably one of the most loophole ridden pieces of tax
legislation out there and you may already know some of the basics with the roth ira like hey
you can contribute your money
after tax into this account and it comes out totally tax-free on the other end and if you're
totally unfamiliar with roth iras you may be like why is that amazing or why is that a good thing to
do well because in your roth ira you can hold assets in there like stocks and if all of that
money comes out the other end tax-free that can be a pretty insane proposition because if you
imagine you bought a google stock 20 years ago when it launched for a hundred dollars that stock
worth over a thousand dollars today so if your roth ira is composed entirely of google stock or
other stocks that have grown which the stock market tends to do then the majority of what's
in that account are profits from your stocks and you don't have to pay any taxes on those profits
when they come out compare that to a regular brokerage account that you may open for yourself
all of the profits there on the stocks that you trade and you buy you're gonna have to pay a
capital gains tax on when you sell those stocks that is not the case for the roth ira however
unlike a taxable brokerage account there are limits to how much you can contribute so each
year you can only contribute sixty five hundred dollars that increases each year with inflation
but roughly sixty five hundred dollars and there's also an income limit if you make more than a
hundred and thirty eight thousand dollars a year as a single person or i think it's roughly double
that if you're married then you can only contribute sixty five hundred dollars a year
you're not eligible to contribute into a roth ira also you can't access the earnings the profits
from your stocks in there until you're fifty nine and a half years old so for a lot of people the
profits the earnings that's going to be the majority of that account if you've had that
account for a couple decades so can't really tap into that until you're sixty so all of those
limitations definitely a bummer which i guess is why uh congress folks went in and did a lot of
and added a bunch of loopholes to get around these limitations so you may have heard even maybe just
in passing about the backdoor roth ira which is a way to contribute into the roth ira if you make
too much money so it kind of bypasses that hundred and thirty eight thousand dollar per year income
limit there's also the mega backdoor ira which these are actually the real official names of
people refer to these the mega backdoor
roth ira that bypasses the sixty five hundred dollar contribution limit per year and basically
means that you can contribute almost i think sixty thousand dollars a year into a roth ira
so ten times as much money as you would have usually been able to do as fun as it would be
to do an episode on just the various backdoor methods for the roth ira i'm gonna pass on that
for today because that's more of the pre-retirement phase where you're trying to accumulate
and you're trying to get the money back so i'm going to pass on that for today because that's
assets into your various retirement accounts and there's a lot of different blogs and podcasts
that cover it already in fact chris over at all the hacks he just did an episode i think just like
last month on tax advantaged accounts where they go heavily into these two backdoor iras plus a lot
of other various tax strategies you can take so i'll link to that episode in the show notes if
you want to kind of dive into the pre-retirement loopholes a bit more but our focus today is going
on accessing some of these retirement funds post-retirement and more specifically during
early retirement it's a loophole or a hack that you might not have heard about i think it's a
little less common than the backdoor iras when it comes to just how often it comes up in conversation
but it's a really valuable one because it's a way for the roth ira to function as a vehicle
for tapping into other retirement funds
before you're 59 and a half. So it's not just about the funds that you have in a Roth IRA
or a Roth 401k. It's more about how you can use that Roth IRA account to access funds in,
let's say, your employer 401k or traditional IRAs that you have. The IRA sort of just functions as
a key that unlocks everything else. And so if you've ever thought about retiring before you're
59, this is fundamental to that. So today we'll cover some of just the basics first of how things
roughly work, you know, rollovers versus conversions, distributions, contributions,
all of that good stuff. But then kind of dig into how Roth conversions work, because that is the
key, what the five-year rule is, and why you need a Roth conversion ladder, and some common pitfalls,
as well as how to avoid them, along with some examples of how to execute some of these things.
So a lot of good stuff coming up in this episode. This is the second in the Big Churn
miniseries that I'm doing. The first part was on ACA health subsidies, which you don't need to
have listened to that episode to follow along with this episode, but definitely recommend checking
that one out if you haven't already. But before we get into it, just a quick programming update,
which is that I'll be taking a little break for Christmas and New Year's. So the next episode
after this one won't be released until mid-January.
And that one is going to be a recap of everything I churned in December,
along with an end-of-year recap. Basically, I'll be taking about a month off to relax a bit and
also work on some long-overdue websites and Discord improvements, because that's really
grown a lot in the last few months. And there are definitely some improvements that I can make that
I think will make things a lot easier to use and hopefully more useful to you guys. So a lot of
exciting things planned. I'll see you in the next episode. Bye!
for 2024. But if you'd like to get notified of when that end-of-year recap is released,
be sure to subscribe to the free newsletter at thedailychurnpodcast.com.
But for now, let's get back into Roth conversion ladders.
So starting with some of just the basics of how a Roth IRA enables someone to access retirement
funds before retirement.
Before 59 and a half. So there's a few different ways. The first, I think the more simple way is
simply that contributions into a Roth IRA can always be withdrawn at any time. This is because
a Roth IRA is a post-tax account. So the money that you contribute into it are contributed after taxes.
You've already paid taxes on it. So, you know, it makes sense that you're able to take those
contributions out whenever you want without it being a taxable event. Because, you know,
you've already paid taxes. So if you put $6,000 into your Roth IRA today, you can take $6,000 out
anytime you want. The caveat to that is if it's grown to $7,000, so you've had $1,000 of gains,
you can't touch those gains, those earnings, until you're 59 and a half. The rule of thumb here is
that earnings can only be distributed after 59 and a half if you want to avoid paying a 10% penalty
that's on top of whatever you're paying. So if you're paying a 10% penalty, you can only pay a 10%
your income tax rate is. Because with earnings, you haven't paid taxes on it yet, which means they
want to tax you on that unless you've reached retirement age, at which point your earnings
are tax-free. That's one of the attributes of a Roth IRA and why it's so appealing for a lot of
folks. There are a few exceptions to that, primarily things like death, disability, some
other qualified events like buying a new home or paying for college expenses. You're allowed to
take up to 10% of your income tax rate. So if you're paying a 10% penalty, you can only pay a 10%
out of your Roth IRA, and that can be earnings without having to pay a penalty. But for the most
part, aside from these special exception cases, your earnings are always going to just be stuck
in that Roth IRA until you're 60 years old. The next kind of question I often hear a lot
with Roth IRAs too is like, well, the bulk of my retirement funds are actually held
in other accounts, like my employer 401k or this traditional IRA that I opened,
for myself, they're not in the Roth IRA. So I get that you can withdraw contributions
out of the Roth IRA at any time, but I don't really have that much in there anyway. So it's
not really a viable source of income during early retirement. And I think that scenario applies to
a lot of us because I think most of us are contributing into a pre-tax account like a 401k
or traditional IRA because you get to enjoy that tax deduction,
while you're working. It basically lowers how much you have to pay in taxes each year while
you're employed. So naturally, the bulk of our retirement funds tend to be in these other
pre-tax accounts, not a post-tax Roth IRA. The missing piece of the puzzle there is
Roth IRA conversions. That's really the key to enabling early retirement because
with a Roth IRA conversion, you can move or convert money from your 401k
or your traditional IRA into a Roth IRA. The only thing you have to do when you convert or move
is that you pay taxes on the money that you're converting. Now, why would you want to do this?
Why would you want to convert funds from your traditional or 401k into the Roth IRA? Well,
it's because there's a special feature slash loophole that's being implemented specifically
for Roth IRA conversions, which is that when you convert your pre-tax retirement,
retirement funds into the Roth IRA, you can withdraw those same funds out of the Roth IRA
after only five years. The 59 and a half age rule no longer applies to withdrawing the money that
you converted over. So if you were to convert $10,000 today from your 401k into a Roth IRA,
five years from now, you can withdraw $10,000 out of that Roth IRA without paying taxes because you
would have paid taxes on that. So if you were to convert $10,000 today from your 401k into a Roth IRA,
so you don't have to wait till you're 60. Your earnings, however, are still locked until you're
60. So that $10,000, if during the five years it grew to $15,000, you wouldn't be able to take out
$15,000. You can only take out that $10,000 that you paid taxes on. The $5,000 of gains of profits,
you still can't access until you're 59 and a half, just like with contribution gains.
So a conversion is treated pretty,
similarly to a contribution. The differences are that with a contribution, like you just putting
money directly into the Roth IRA, you can withdraw that contribution at any time. Whereas with a
conversion, you have to wait five years. But whether it's a conversion or a contribution,
you can't touch the earnings on it, the profits, until 59 and a half. So this five-year waiting
period is known as the five-year rule. There's actually three different five-year rules that
apply to the five-year rule. The first one is the five-year rule. The second one is the five-year rule.
But this is really the only one that's relevant to most of us, which is the five-year rule when it
comes to conversions into the Roth IRA. So any money you convert over, you can access in five
years. If you're 35 now, you can convert and start tapping into your 401k funds, basically at age 40,
once that five-year waiting period is over. So those converted funds have a five-year seasoning
period, which kind of reminds me of churning sometimes.
But my rough theory on why this five-year rule exists on conversions, but not contributions,
for example, is that with a contribution, like you depositing money into your Roth IRA just as cash,
that happens with money that's already been taxed, right? Like you receive money
from your paycheck, and now you're putting it into the Roth IRA that same year,
and you never got a deduction or anything for it because you were taxed on that money.
When you received it on your W-2 or your 1099, and it's fully after-tax money that's being input
into the Roth IRA now. With the conversion, though, it's you converting money that was pre-tax,
so you did get a tax deduction on it. So at some point, you got a $10,000 tax deduction
for putting $10,000 into a 401k, and now you're trying to convert that money into a Roth IRA.
And my guess is the IRS,
doesn't love the idea of you claiming a tax deduction any year you want by contributing
to like a 401k, and then any later year when, let's say, your taxes are lower because you're
not working, being able to then just convert that over to the Roth IRA and pay the taxes
when your taxes are lower and have access to that money immediately. So they put in place
this sort of like anti-gaming five-year rule where it's like,
we're going to make you wait five years after you do this conversion before you can access the
money. So just kind of a mild deterrent. And it definitely reminds me of banks making you hold
your funds for 90 or 180 days before they pay out your bonus, or making you do 40 debit transactions
each month to qualify for your bonus. It's these just additional hurdles to make it a little less
easy to simply just be like, hey, I'm going to share this with you. I'm going to share this with
some of my taxable income from a year when my taxes are high to a year when my taxes are a lot
lower, like after retirement. But at the end of the day, this additional five-year requirement,
I mean, if you're a churner, this is child's play, right? I mean, the simple workaround here
is just to convert what you need five years from now today and to keep doing that. And this is
why it's called a Roth conversion ladder, because let's say you retire at 35,
and you can access those funds at 40 from your Roth conversion. So you'll want to just keep
converting every year for five years ahead, all the way until you're age 54, because you just
need to get to age 59 and a half. And that's when the floodgates on all of your retirement accounts
open anyway, you can just access them freely. So you just got to get to age 54, where you're
converting money that you'll use when you're 59 years old. And you know, when you're 54,
you're going to have to convert all of your money to age 54. So you just got to get to age 54,
using money that you converted when you're 49 years old, so five years before. So essentially,
it's just a 20 year ladder. And it's honestly quite an easy, simple spreadsheet, like it's
way simpler than any of our like churning bonus tracking sheets. But it does require you to budget
five years ahead, because you need to kind of predict how much money you'll need five years
from now. And that does require some planning and discipline to sort of stick to the
budget that you made five years ago. And if you're having issues budgeting, definitely check out the
episode I did, I think episode 36 on some of the budgeting tools that we use specifically for
churning and fire. But assuming you can stick to and handle a budget, it's a very straightforward
process, this Roth conversion ladder. And you might be also wondering, like, well, when you
convert, though, the year you're converting, aren't you paying taxes on the amount of money you're
converting? And the answer is yes, but you would have had to pay taxes on that 401k or that
traditional IRA anyway, when you withdrew it at like, let's say age 60. Because those are pre-tax
accounts, right? You got the tax deduction in the year you contributed to those accounts. And so
you owe taxes on anything coming out. So it really doesn't make too much difference when you pay
taxes on that distribution, as long as you're doing it when you're already retired.
Because that's the key. Whether you're early retired or normal retired, you want to be retired
because then you're not working, which means you're not making any income, which means you're
in a super low tax bracket. And that matters because a Roth IRA conversion is a taxable event.
And so the amount that you convert is going to count as taxable income in the year that you make
the conversion. And so if you're in a super low tax bracket, you're not going to owe much,
or any taxes on it, depending on how much you convert. So the standard deduction for a single
person is $14,000. For married, it's $28,000. That means below those amounts, you pay zero taxes on
that money. And then above those amounts, the next $11,000 if you're single, or $22,000 if you're
married, that's only taxed at 10%. You're in the lowest 10% bracket. So if you're retired, and let's
say you convert $25,000, you're in the lowest 10% bracket, you're in the lowest 10% bracket.
$25,000 as a single person, or $50,000 as a married couple, you'd only end up paying an
effective tax rate of 4.4% on 25 or 50k of taxable income, which is a minuscule tax rate. It ends up
being about $1,000 or $2,000, depending on whether you converted 25k or 50k. And it is far less than
the value of the tax deduction that you probably got.
Back when you were working and you contributed into a 401k or a traditional IRA. So you can sort
of see why the IRS added like a five year waiting period on this because it makes it so easy to
shift income that they were just like, we got to add some additional stipulations like making you
wait five years before you get to access those funds that you converted. But the TLDR here is
that your goal basically during early retirement is to make,
as little additional income as possible so that you can convert as much as possible into the Roth
IRA while still staying in a low tax bracket. And that really works perfectly with the whole
lean fire concept, as well as ACA subsidies. Because with lean fire, unlike regular fire,
financial independents retire early. Lean fire is about retiring with less and spending less money.
Spending less money means you need less income,
during retirement, which means you can get away with converting less into the Roth IRA,
which then means you pay almost no taxes if you're not exceeding that 10% tax bracket.
And with less income, you qualify for free or cheap health insurance, thanks to the ACA subsidies.
So it's really kind of a killer combo. And there is a sweet spot of income because if you're married
between 40,000 to 50,000, you're going to have to pay a lot of taxes. And if you're married,
annually of income of taxable income a year puts you in the 200 to 250% of the federal poverty
level, which if you recall from the ACA subsidy episode is how you get really amazing health
insurance for free. And if you're in that 40 to 50 K annual income range, you're only paying
a 4.4% or less effective tax rate on that money that you're converting. It's really kind of this
magic number or range of income.
To be in, if you can lower your annual expenses to that level. And that's where churning for us
really comes into play because in retirement, we want to still travel and do fun things. And
we're able to do that because points and miles don't count as taxable income. So we're able to
travel like someone who makes over $500,000 a year, but who pays out of pocket for all their
travel while only booking 40 to 50 K of income.
On our tax returns. So in my opinion, it's kind of a, an optimal income range to be in. If you
really want to maximize all of the benefits available to you, thanks to ACA and low taxes
and, you know, Roth conversion ladders and all that good stuff. But if you've been following
along up until now, you might've noticed that there's kind of a five-year gap, right? While
the Roth conversion ladder seasons, because you can't access those converted funds until five
years later, and you don't really want to convert while you're working. So you want to convert while
retired, but what do you do for the first five years of retirement? How do you fund that? And
that's more of a, a fire topic. Most fire folks will recommend having some kind of a cash buffer
where you have enough saved cash to basically sustain you for those five years until you can
access your Roth conversion ladder. Obviously accumulating enough
funds to be able to do all of those five years of retirement, but you don't really want to convert
in liquid assets to be able to sustain you for five years is one of the big hurdles of early
retirement. But if you're able to do that, there are some added benefits of having this cash buffer,
which is that the biggest point of failure of early retirement is basically retiring right
before a recession hits. It's known as the sequence of returns risk. So sequence of returns
referring in this case to stock market returns.
And depending on how you sequence those stock market returns, like whether it's
you're retiring during a downturn, like a recession, or you're retiring during a bull
market, like you got lucky and the stock market just keeps going up during the first few years
of your retirement, that really has a major impact on the success rate of your early retirement,
because you need the funds to last potentially 60 plus years. And if you retire right at the
beginning of a recession, you're going to have a huge impact on the success rate of your early
your portfolio is going to be down right at the start 20 to maybe 30%. And that's pretty much the
only way fire can fail is if you end up retiring with 20 to 30% less assets than you thought you
were retiring with. But that's where this cash buffer can offer a solution. Because what the
cash buffer does is that during the first few years, in this case, five years, you can just
take money out of the cash buffer instead of taking money out of the cash buffer. So if you're
out of your stocks that are depreciated during this recession, and it gives time for the stock
market to recover. And so cash buffers, and it doesn't have to be cash, really any stable assets
that are liquid enough for you to pull from, that can help mitigate this sequence of returns risk.
And this strategy is part of a bigger strategy known as the glide path investment strategy,
which I think has been pioneered basically by Big Earn over at Early Retirement
Now. I'm not sure if someone else came up with it before him, but he's definitely the one that has
popularized it in the fire community. And I'll link to his blog in the show notes. But the glide
path investment strategy is how we invest our money. And it includes this buffer, which you
need anyway for the Roth conversion ladder. And that's going to be a topic I'll cover in more
depth in the next part of this Big Churn miniseries. But getting back to Roth conversions
and Roth conversion ladders, I wanted to cover finally,
some gotchas and pitfalls to sort of avoid, as well as some examples. The first one that really
got me last year, and it's a stupid one to fall for, but maybe you'll empathize with how it
happened, which is that the deadline for Roth conversions is the end of the tax year, not the
tax filing deadline. And the confusion came about because with Roth IRA contributions, or IRA
contributions in general, you have until April 15th, the tax filing deadline, and then you have
until April 15th of 2024 to make that contribution and get that deduction for 2023. That is not the
case for Roth IRA conversions. If you convert in 2023, it's going to count towards your taxes for
2023. However, if you convert in April of 2024,
that conversion now counts as income for 2024, not 2023. This can make things a little tricky
if you're targeting a certain income bracket, because it means that, let's say for 2023,
you want to convert money into the Roth IRA, and the amount that you convert is going to count as
taxable income. This is fairly straightforward of an equation if you know you have no other
income in 2023. You're retired, you're not doing anything, you're not
anything, then yeah, it's simply what do you want to be your income bracket, and that's how much
you should convert, because you have no other income. So your Roth conversion is your income
for that year. However, if you do a little bit of part-time work, or you churn some things that
may result in like a 1099 int, or a 1099b from the brokerage, and those things count as taxable
income, you don't receive those forms until January or February.
Or sometimes March or April, if the bank is really backed up. And so you have to really track
and predict how much income you're making that year, so that you know how much is left,
how much room is left before you hit your target, and that's how much you'll convert.
Because you have to convert by the end of the year before you receive any of the other tax
forms that tell you how much other money you made in 2023. I'm not going to sugarcoat it,
it is definitely an additional pain slash overhead if you're churning, because now not
only do you need to track all of your bonuses, which I think you probably should be doing anyway,
but you also have to figure out which ones are potentially taxable and which ones aren't,
and use that total number as your baseline income for the year, so that you can figure out how much
Roth IRA you can convert. So an example for us is like, if our goal,
for the year, is a $40,000 target income, so that we can stay within the 200% federal poverty level
to get the better ACA health insurance, then I need to go in and figure out how much were all
the bonuses I made that were taxable, and tally that up. And the difference between $40,000 and
the total of the churning bonuses is going to be how much room I have left to do Roth IRA conversions.
But of course, there is some risk with this,
because there's always going to be errors. Some places may not send a 1099, other places may send
that you forgot about. And so if you end up doing it wrong, like the calculation is wrong because
you didn't account for some income, then you may phase yourself out of a beneficial ACA subsidy
bracket or a tax bracket and end up owing more taxes than you thought, or owing some premium
tax credits from the ACA subsidy. Luckily, there is some relief,
if you mess up. The main one being that IRA contributions can be made all the way through
April 15th. So conversions you have to do by the end of the year, and you convert based on what
you predict your income to be. But let's say you're wrong. Let's say you had another $5,000
of income that you just forgot about, and you end up getting the tax forms telling you that
in February. Well, luckily, you have until April 15th to contribute into a traditional IRA. Now,
remember,
traditional IRAs are pre-tax contributions, which means you get a tax deduction for contributing
into that IRA. So using the example from earlier, let's say your target was $40,000,
but you end up getting an extra $5,000 of income that you didn't account for. So now your income
for 2023 is $45,000, but you really want to be at $40,000 because you want to qualify for 200%
of the ACA federal poverty level. So what you could do is once you realize that that error
happens, you can do a tax deduction. So let's say you have an extra $5,000 of income that you didn't
you could contribute $5,000 into a traditional IRA at let's say you open one up at Fidelity or
Robinhood, and you just pop $5,000 in there. And that's now a $5,000 tax deduction that reduces
your taxable income from 2023 back down to $40,000. It's not super ideal to do this because
now that 5k instead of just being liquid money you can use is now stuck in that traditional IRA.
That you can't access until 59 and a half. And the only way to access it is to do a Roth IRA
conversion. So you're in this kind of like catch 22 situation, but in a pinch, it is kind of nice
having this like, oh crap, I messed up button that sort of fixes that mistake so that you don't
phase yourself out of like a ACA subsidy or into a higher tax bracket. Of course, the caveat though,
with contributing into a traditional IRA is that you do need to have earned,
income in order to do that. And 1099 interest income is not considered earned income. So it
helps sometimes to have a side business that generates a bit of earned income so that you can
do these IRA contributions. But I don't want to get too far off track from a Roth IRA conversions,
but there are a few different levers you can use to kind of structure and offset your income
to keep it within a certain target range. If you guys are interested, I can definitely do
a video on that. So if you guys are interested, I can definitely do a video on that.
A dedicated episode on that as part of this big churn mini series. But getting back to Roth IRAs,
another point of confusion I see everywhere is that conversions and rollovers often get used
interchangeably and they're not, they're not the same thing, but people confuse them to be the same
thing. And that makes it extra confusing when you're like trying to Google how to do one thing,
but someone has confused the two terms. And that makes it,
because the two things are very different. Like doing a Roth IRA conversion is very different
than a Roth rollover. So what are the differences? What is a conversion versus a rollover? So
a conversion specifically refers to converting pre-tax funds into post-tax funds. So for example,
converting funds from your 401k or your traditional IRA into a Roth IRA, you know,
pre-tax.
into a post-tax account. That's a taxable event. And that is a conversion. A rollover is not a
taxable event. A rollover is as it sounds, you're just rolling one thing over into another. You're
not converting. There's no tax conversion happening. So for example, if you have an
employer 401k and you leave your employer and you join a different employer that has their own 401k
plan, that's a rollover of your 401k into another 401k.
Or if you retire and you have a 401k, you're no longer with that employer. You can roll over
that 401k into a traditional IRA. They're both pre-tax accounts. There's no taxable event.
So with rollovers, the good rule of thumb is like, you're just moving from one account to another
rolling over within the same tax bucket. It's just at a different location. Like it's at a
different employer or now it's with Fidelity instead of another brokerage. Whereas with a
conversion, you're literally converting the fund. So changing the fund into a different tax bucket.
So converting funds from a traditional IRA into a Roth IRA. An example of this would be,
let's say you retire from your job and you had an employer 401k. So now you want to move it into
your own 401k. So you do a rollover into your traditional IRA that you have that you opened
yourself, let's say at Fidelity. And if you wanted to tap into those,
before you're 59 and a half, you could convert those funds from the traditional IRA into a Roth
IRA, which would be a Roth IRA conversion, not a Roth IRA rollover. You might be like,
what's a Roth IRA rollover? That's also something that gets confused sometimes because it's sort of
an employer thing. Some employers will offer Roth 401ks. So not your regular 401k that's pre-taxed,
but a Roth 401k.
Post-tax 401k. And so that's where you'll usually hear Roth rollovers is when people are referring
to a Roth 401k rollover, where they're just rolling over their employer Roth 401k into their
own Roth IRA. So let's say you retired similar to a regular 401k. You may want to move that into
your own account. You can do that with a Roth 401k too. You just move it via a rollover because
you're just moving it from a post-tax Roth 401k.
Into your own Roth IRA, which is also post-tax. There's no taxable event there. Everything stays
the same other than you just moving the funds from one account to another. They're really
fundamentally the same kind of accounts, except for two key differences. One being that the Roth
401k is being offered by your employer versus you opening it at your own brokerage. The bigger
difference though, is that a lot of what we covered today, I think all of what we covered
Roth IRAs, those rules only apply to Roth IRAs, not Roth 401ks. So an example analogy, I guess,
would be like a cake. So with a Roth IRA, what you're able to do is if you assume the
contributions are the spongy middle of the cake and the earnings are the frosting, with a Roth
IRA, you can choose to eat just the sponge. You take the sponge out first.
Before you eat the frosting on the outside. And that's a good thing because the frosting on the
outside is taxed. There's a penalty of 10% of taxes if you try and eat that frosting before
you're 59 and a half. The thing with the Roth 401k is that you can't just eat the middle. You can only
take slices of that cake. So anytime you take money out of a Roth 401k, it's a combination of
both frosting and sponge. So if you're doing that before 59 and a half, you're going to end
up paying a penalty on that frosting that you took out that you couldn't avoid. Whereas with
the Roth IRA, you can take out just the contributions, the sponge, and not touch the
earnings and leave the earnings, the frosting there until you're age 59 and a half. So that's
the nuance and why you hear people talking about rolling over a Roth 401k to a Roth IRA, because
it really is that easy. You want the Roth IRA rules, the better rules where you can just take
out the sponge. Sweet. Just roll over your Roth 401k to a Roth IRA. It's a few button clicks and
you're done. And now you can get the Roth IRA rules instead of the Roth 401k prorata rules,
which is what they're officially called. I don't think the IRS refers to this as the sponge cake
frosting rule, but that's a helpful way to think about it. And it's a useful thing to know when it
comes to frosting.
Roth IRAs and Roth 401ks is just sort of this nuance around the order of how your distributions
are composed. What are you taking out when you withdraw $1,000? So with Roth IRAs, the ordering
is that when you withdraw $1,000, it's always contributions that comes out first, money that
you contributed directly. Then conversions come out next. So funds that you're doing this five
year Roth ladder conversion on.
That comes out next. And there's also another type of conversion, which relates to the backdoor and
the mega backdoor conversions that comes out after your ladder conversions. And I won't get into the
nuance of that here. It's complicated, but there's a really, really awesome Reddit FAQ that thoroughly
explains this in great detail. It's probably one of the best things I've read all year when it
comes to taxes. And I'll link to that in the show notes. But conversions as a big bucket comes out
next. Then finally, it's your earnings. So from a Roth IRA, it's that order. And that's good because
you want your earnings to come out last because that's probably the part that you're going to owe
a penalty on if you're doing it before 59 and a half. So putting all of that together in a basic
example, let's say you had an old Roth IRA that you'd contributed to a while back, let's say like
five, 10 years ago, or you had a Roth 401k that you contributed to at your employer,
and you've since rolled that over now into a Roth IRA. So that happened a while ago,
but now you retire and you start your Roth conversion ladder. So you're converting from
your regular 401k or your traditional IRA into your Roth IRA now. So instead of waiting the full
five years for your Roth conversion ladder to mature and season, and you're able to access
those converted funds, you can actually start immediately withdrawing from that Roth IRA
Going back to that cake analogy, you can take out your contributions at any time. And because
you'd contributed into that Roth IRA before, you can take out the amount that you'd contributed.
So while you're waiting for that Roth IRA ladder to mature, your converted funds to mature,
which takes five years, you can take money out immediately because contributions always comes
out first. Once you exhaust the amount that you contributed, then it would start taking out the
conversion ladder. So you can take out the amount that you contributed, and you can take out the
conversion funds that you just converted. And if that hasn't been five years, then you'd owe a
penalty because you didn't meet that five-year waiting period. But during that five-year waiting
period, you can take out anything you've contributed directly into that Roth IRA.
Just got to be careful not to go over the contribution amounts. Make sure you wait
five years before you start tapping into the conversion amounts, and definitely wait until
you're 59 and a half before tapping into any of the earnings that the contribution or the
conversion amounts made during that time. Because otherwise, you'd owe a 10% penalty on anything
that you shouldn't have taken out. Long story short, it's just really important to keep track
of how much you're contributing and converting into that Roth IRA. You never want to distribute
more than the contributions and the conversions added together. Because if you distribute more
than that, it means you're distributing earnings. And you don't want to do that unless you want to
pay a penalty.
So your brokerage may or may not be tracking all of this for you. Some do to some extent. But if
you've switched brokerages, you've rolled over to another account, you may have lost that. So it's
important to keep your own records. I think there's a way to pull up some of these records from the
IRS too, because the IRS can figure out how much is your contributions, your conversions, and your
earnings based on your previous year tax filings. I think your contributions and your conversions
are reported.
in a tax form when you file your taxes. So that's another way to try and track down this
information. But from what I can tell, it's mostly an honor system in terms of keeping track of which
layer of the cake you're eating and taking out. And you do want to keep good records because even
though it's an honor system, it's all good until you get audited, in which case at that time,
you're really going to have to make sure your records were spot on. But otherwise, I think
that's it for this episode.
I know it was a lot of information. Just imagine if I started talking about the pre-retirement
variations on the Roth IRA hacks, like the backdoor and the mega backdoor, this would have been like a
two-hour episode. But hopefully at least this post-retirement side of things was useful.
Definitely check out some of the resources that I've linked to in the show notes if you want to
study up. It really is one of the biggest hacks in our system. And I think leveraging it is going
to be one of the best plays you can make for your retirement.
Long term. So hopefully you found it useful or at least interesting. And next time in the
miniseries, at least, we'll be back with an episode on the glide path investment strategy
and why we switched over and how that's really completely changed how we invest our money for
like a 60-year horizon instead of a 30-year horizon when it comes to retirement. But until
then, I hope you have an awesome holiday and New Year's and I'll catch you all next time. I think
mid-January for the December.
And the end of year recap. That's usually a really fun episode. So looking forward to that one. But
as always, if you enjoyed this episode, please do forward it to a friend, maybe a friend that
has been resisting opening a Roth IRA. Most people find out about this show just through word of
mouth. So really appreciate it if you do that. Otherwise, thanks for tuning in and happy holidays.
I'll see you next time.
