it's like if google flights integrated award bookings into their search results
and then gave you advice on how to transfer the points that you need it really is that nice and
easy hey everyone welcome to episode 60 of the daily churn i've got a bit of a different kind
of episode today so if you recall from the last episode the monthly recap i mentioned that i have
some friends and family that still book their flights with cash so domestic and international
flights they're not using points to book they're paying cash and as a churner who hasn't paid
cash for a flight in probably close to 10 years that was a little bit concerning for me to hear
and so i wanted to just kind of address that head on and maybe do an episode on the tools
and the workflows that i use to avoid having to pay cash for my award flights but if you are
someone who already uses points for all of your flight bookings don't worry you can skip straight
to the second half of the episode where i do a deep dive into the tools and the workflows that
into a few of the new tools that i've been using that have completely changed the way i go about
finding and booking award travel but if you are newer to all of this definitely stick around for
the first half because the common concern i heard from like friends and family when i asked them like
what's holding you back from booking award flights for everything is that it's just really
overwhelming you know it's a lot if you're not familiar with it there's a lot of carriers there's
a lot of point options a lot of loyalty programs
carriers credit cards you got to figure out which carriers are partnered with who
what alliance they're part of where do you transfer points from and then when you transfer points in
you can't transfer them back and so that's kind of stressful this one-way approach to moving points
around and then you've got like transfer ratios that you have to be mindful of as well as transfer
bonuses because that all ties into the question of like am i maximizing my points am i booking
the best flights that meet my needs based on the points that i have and then i have to figure out
is that the best rate given that maybe i have multiple point options and multiple flight
routes that i could take am i getting a good point value what points should i acquire what credit
cards should i open when there are seemingly just an infinite number of options out there and when
you kind of just summarize it like that it's a lot i mean even for seasoned churners and travel
hackers the same kinds of thoughts run through my head i'm just more used to it and it's more of a
process versus a blocker but it can still be stressful because there's just so many options
and most of those options are going to be super specific to the route that you want to travel
so if you're flying a new route you're basically a noob again whether you've booked a million award
flights or you've booked none you sort of have to figure it out from the beginning like i've
at this point i think mastered booking japan award travel but that's just one route out of
thousands of different routes and destinations you could be flying there's millions of different
permutations for all the places you could visit and so it's kind of less important that you know
the specifics of a certain route unless you plan on flying that same route over and over again
for the rest of your life i mean i plan on going to japan quite a few times more so it was useful
to have that kind of deep knowledge about japan award travel and do episodes on it but i also
plan to visit a lot of other destinations and i'm not sure if i'm going to be able to do that
that i haven't been to before and for those it's more useful to have a general workflow that you
can follow that can help you quickly answer questions that you have and also tools that
can make that whole process easier and that's how you remove some of the frustration and anxiety and
stress of just the unfamiliarity of booking award travel with especially new routes because when
things are stressful you tend to avoid it and you tend to just take the easy route and you tend to
take the easier option which is usually just paying cash that's what the majority of people
do is pay cash for their flights even though they know award bookings are a thing or if you have
award booking experience with specific routes you often kind of end up just going to the same places
over and over again because you know those are easy to book and you know how to book them or you
spend a lot of time and energy researching a new award flight end up booking one and it turns out
to be not the most optimal way to book an award flight and you end up booking one and you end up
booking the normal one that you could have booked I mean I think those three things probably cover
99.9% of everyone listening here unless you're just like some award booking genius savant that
has every route memorized honestly the most common question I get from folks are often like
really specific award booking questions like how do I go from point a to point b to point c on these
two airlines with the stopover and it's always like yeah I could tell you exactly what you're
going to have to do and it's always like yeah I could tell you exactly what the most optimal route
would be but for me to tell you that I would have to figure it out myself by running through the
workflow and it's just not feasible for me to do that with every request that I get unless I just
became like a full-time travel booking person so what's a little more practical and I think a little
more generally useful is for me to run through what my workflow is like how I go about starting
from the beginning booking one of the most optimal routes and then I would have to figure it out myself
these award flights like what kind of tools and websites and search engines do I use how I
structure that workflow like step by step and also cover some of the new tools that have come to
market in the last year or two that are truly amazing and have made a huge difference in terms
of saving time and energy when it comes to booking and finding these award flights I'll cover new
services like points yeah and seats dot arrow and how they fit into my workflow and why points here
is my new workflow and I'll cover some of the new tools that have come to market in the last year or
two absolute favorite award booking tool how it compares to some of the other services out there
like point dot me and when to use points yeah versus seats dot arrow versus like the old school
expert flyer and why ultimately a manual workflow can still yield better results overall so you can
kind of think of this episode as sort of like a woodworking 101 class where I'll show you around
the woodshop show you where all the tools are and what tools you can use to do that and I'll show you
a little bit more about the tool to use when and why you know a hammer isn't the best tool for every
job because not everything is a nail and by the end of it hopefully you'll be a little more
comfortable just diving deeper into the areas of award travel booking that are more specific and
more interesting to you based on your travel patterns so lots of good stuff to cover today
but before we get into it just a reminder that we have a free newsletter that you can join if
you'd like to get notified whenever one of these episodes comes out so I'll see you in the next
episode
I'll see you in the next episode
but I wanted to start with kind of just what my workflow even looks like and walk through some of
the more manual steps that are still relevant today even with the existence of these other
tools so the first thing I always do and I recommend you always do first as well is this
to look up the flights that you want on google flights specifically google flights because google
flights is the best flight search engine out there it's powered by ita software which you
may be familiar with from like a decade ago you would go to matrix.itasoftware.com and search for
flights that way because it was the best tool in the industry and google ended up just buying them
so now if you go to that website it says the same thing but it has a little powered by google at the
end but you don't need to even go to the website directly because it's now integrated directly
into google flights and that software I mean it really is the goat like people on flyer talk
love this tool and they're going to love it and they're going to love it and they're going to love it
it used to be like the tool to use for finding mistake fares for doing mileage runs if you ever
did those I was really into both of those about a decade ago but these days it's all just part
of google flights and starting there is great because google flights gives you some really
basic info that you should be aware of for any route that you're trying to book which is
just what airlines are even flying the route are there any non-stops how much do they charge
cash
to fly these routes when the variances are in the season calendar because you can just click
the calendar and it'll show you all the pricing options across many different months so you can
kind of see like the seasonality when's low season when's high season and all of that gives you a
better understanding of like the cash landscape of what it is you're trying to book and that's
because points options award options often just mirror the cash landscape to some extent
so once you've plugged it in
into google flights and you've got your search results usually you'll find like three or four
different airlines that fly your route non-stop I'm assuming most of us are going for non-stop
these days like we're all too old for like three stopovers on frontier in order to get to our
destination like let's focus on the non-stop routes because that makes things a little easier
and once you know what those are you just go to each airline's website and search for the award
fares for that route and you'll be able to get to your destination and you'll be able to get to your
airline and just see what comes up and ultimately you end up with a list of airlines and their
award costs as well as their cash costs because you have google flights pulled up so you might
have one that's like united costs 15,000 miles on jet blue when you searched it cost 12,000 miles
for that route and 10,000 miles on southwest and so that's kind of the stage where you sort of
mentally compare the values here right like points are roughly worth one to ten thousand miles
to two cents per point so like you know ten thousand points are worth usually like a hundred
to two hundred dollars the reason for that valuation is just that's the rate that amex
and chase will let you cash those points out at usually it's one cent equals one point like
capital one will let you redeem your points for travel purchases that you made at one cent per
point chase will let you book through their travel portal where you know a three hundred dollar flight
you can pay for it and you can get to your destination and you can get to your destination
in points instead and chase will let you redeem those points at 1.5 cents per point so a little
bit more and so there's variation but just for ease of calculation we can assume a baseline
of one cent per point so a 15,000 point united flight is 150 dollars worth of points and so
once you know the points conversion you kind of just do the math you know if the cheapest flight
booked using cash is three hundred dollars but costs fifteen thousand
points which is a hundred and fifty dollars worth the points then that's pretty good value right
you're getting two cents per point instead of that baseline one cent per point you're saving
three hundred dollars by spending fifteen thousand points that's a good rate so book that with points
don't book it with cash but oftentimes you know it's a little more comparable like if the cheapest
flight is a hundred and fifty dollars and the points is fifteen thousand points it can kind of
go either way and that's when things get more subjective because if you're buying a flight
it's like how much do you value each thing are you more cash strapped right now or are you points
rich right now and so that true value is going to vary from person to person and sites like nerd
wallet and the points guy they'll try and give you a specific value like united miles are worth
1.2 cents per point or southwest miles are worth 1.4 cents per point but you're really kind of
splitting hairs at that point and the true value is going to vary from person to person
to person like maybe you hate flying southwest so you'd rather pay more for jet blue or united or
maybe you have miles already at united so even though it costs a little more through jet blue
you want to use up your united miles first or maybe you have amex points which don't transfer
to united but they do transfer to jet blue so you rule out united for that reason or maybe you have
chase points that transfer to united but doesn't transfer to delta so you rule out delta a lot of
these points are going to be a little bit more expensive so you're going to have to pay a little
these kinds of considerations are where i think a lot of people stop and give up because it feels
like there's a lot of different rules and options and permutations and they're not sure like what
credit card to open in order to transfer where and which option is the best option and you start
feeling decision fatigue from all of these choices and that's when you just pull out your wallet and
you pay cash right and churners i think sometimes forget this struggle because we're so
used to booking award travel and opening new credit cards that we forget we're in the one percent of
the one percent of people that are travel hacking and optimizing their points and their credit cards
we forget that this hobby is pretty outside the box and is not the normal path that most people
take and so oftentimes speaking to people who are newer to award booking you kind of forget that and
just like assume they know all these things and it's like no you gotta sometimes start from
square one and if you're newer to this the good news is if it feels like there's like a mountain
blocking your path like a mountain of knowledge that you don't know that seems insurmountable
the good news is that actually it's just a little hill like it looks big right now because you're
standing at the bottom of it but it's not it's a hill that anyone can climb a toddler could climb
this hill it's the hill of booking domestic award travel it's really easy
you can scale it with pretty minimal effort and energy and time just by following this workflow
the actual mountain is the mountain behind this hill that's the mountain of international award
travel that's the mountain that has base camps along the way and we'll get into that a little
later of how to more easily navigate the real mountain let's call that mount everest but let's
start with just the hill in front of us and we're going to start with the hill in front of us and
now which is domestic award travel and climbing the domestic award travel hill might be all you
need you know not everyone is trying to scale everest not everyone is trying to book first
class award flights on the newest planes to the most exotic destinations for a lot of folks just
saving money on their domestic award travel being able to fly across country visit family whenever
they want without having to spend thousands of dollars on that that's already a pretty big deal
and that may just be your goal when it comes to award travel and that's a good goal to have because
domestic awards are very easy to master from a points optimization standpoint as well as from
like a credit card opening perspective because domestically there's only a handful of big airline
carriers and credit card companies so the big airlines are like united american delta southwest
jet blue and maybe alaska then credit cards are the only ones that are going to be able to do that
that you could possibly open there's only a few companies it's chase amex city and capital one
then like the lower tier ones like bank of america u.s bank and wells fargo and that's it that's a
pretty small finite list and chances are the routes that you care to fly domestically anyway
only a few of those airlines and a few of those credit cards will apply so it's very much a
manageable hill of knowledge and you don't even have to know all of the
stuff i still use google all the time to google stuff when it comes to that because it's like i
don't live near a delta hub for example so whenever i have to book delta i always end up googling like
how to transfer miles to delta so google is your best friend here but the main thing i want to
impart is just being clear about your travel goals like if you tally up all of your travel expenses
how much are flights costing you each year and if you're not tracking your expenses to that
goal then you're not going to be able to do that because you're not going to be able to do that
granularity definitely check out episode 36 simplify which is an app that imports all of
your data transactional data financial data automatically and sums it up into categories
and you can see everything it's kind of like mint but a paid version and better i think another
alternative that people are migrating to now that mint has shut down is monarch i haven't tried
monarch personally but simplify is great but it helps you kind of just to see what you're spending
money on and you can see what you're spending money on and you can see what you're spending money on
and how much you're spending on flights and that can help you understand like what am i flying
that's costing all this money like what routes do you fly the most often are you flying from san
francisco to new york a few times a year do you want to be able to fly that route for free instead
of however much you're paying for it and so from there it's pretty easy to then just follow the
workflow to figure out okay what airlines fly that route and how much do award flights cost
for that route for each of the
airlines and you can just google you know how to transfer miles to that airline and open a credit
card that lets you transfer to that airline or maybe even open a card that's tied directly with
that airline like a united card or a southwest card it just depends on whoever has the best
sign up bonus right now and you know you can listen to this podcast the monthly recap where
i cover some of these top offers and the cards that i'm opening and the cards that you can open
and in a matter of literally like
three months you can easily with very minimal effort go from zero miles and points to having
a hundred thousand or two hundred thousand or more it's a baby could do it level of effort
to accumulate a few hundred thousand miles in a few months but it isn't instant and i think that's
what trips a lot of people up as well is that they want the points now they're trying to book their
flight now and they don't have the points now so they pay cash and then they forget
until a few months later when they have another flight to book and it becomes a cash booking again
and it's kind of this vicious loop and the way you break the loop is by scaling that little hill
the hill of knowledge now and just figure out your travel pattern so that you can start banking the
points you need and you only need a three month lead time because that's how long these credit
card points usually take to post these sign up bonuses you usually have 90 days to meet the
requirements of the sign up bonus and that's how you break the loop and that's how you break the
bonus so in three months you can never have to worry about paying cash for flights ever again
and you'll be so much happier once you've made it to the top of this hill versus just looking up at
that hill all the time and hearing your friends talk about how awesome it is at the top of the
hill you can just climb it just do it but once you're on the top of this hill that's when you
can see the big ass mountain behind it right the mountain of international award travel bookings
and you can see the big ass mountain behind it right the mountain of international award travel
bookings and you've like had a taste you know the hill was pretty easy to climb it's pretty nice
at the top of the hill but the real mountain that mountain looks steep like there's cliffs
there's edges there's rocks falling off and sadly that is the state of booking international travel
it's a lot of work but luckily the same sort of workflow applies where you can start with google
flights and you find the non-stops for your international destination and see what airlines
fly that route and figure out the award cost for each airline but that's around the point where
you've like reached the first base camp and things now get a little harder because you're in a much
bigger playing field with international awards there are not just a handful of airlines that
you can count on one hand anymore there are all of the international airlines hundreds of airlines
flying thousands of different routes and that's when things like knowledge and experience and
research and planning and all of that kind of stuff comes together and you can see that it's
all about the time spent doing it comes into play because things like airline alliances come into play
and exponentially increase the amount of permutations that are possible with your
award booking and so if you're not familiar with airline alliances it's basically just
airlines internationally have teamed up to share benefits across their loyalty programs so for
example you can accumulate miles with united that you can then use to book travel on your
a and a the japanese airline because it's part of star alliance or your points at delta can be used
with china airlines because they're part of sky team or your miles with american airlines can be
used to book award travel on british airways and japan airlines because they're all part of one
world and so those are the three major international airline alliances and it's a good thing those
exist because you're able to use your miles across other partner airlines that aren't just the airline
you've been flying with but these partner award bookings are what make things so complicated but
also potentially super lucrative and they're the main focus of the whole travel hacking hobby like
if you see people post on blogs or instagram or tiktok about these first class seats that they
scored flying to the maldives or flying to europe and that's all supported by these partner award
bookings and it's a way of getting these expensive
international airlines to fly with you so if you're not familiar with airline alliances and
national flights for as few points as possible partner rewards are how you can achieve that
you know using the mountain analogy it's a different way of climbing the mountain like
you thought hiking shoes were great for going up the little hill wait till you see the kind of
equipment you can get for hiking a mountain you know ropes harnesses ice picks like it now has
expanded exponentially so instead of simply transferring your chase points over to united
to then book a flight on united
flying on a united aircraft from let's say san francisco to tokyo which you could absolutely do
you can now also use your united miles to fly that same route on ana on the pond airways because
they're part of star alliance which means united will let you use united miles to book their star
alliance partners and this could be appealing to you because airlines often price their partner
awards differently often lower than their own awards now in the u.s.
that's less relevant because in the u.s. most airlines have shifted to dynamic pricing
instead of a fixed award chart it used to be a fixed award chart as of even you know like five
years ago but pretty much everyone now has shifted to the dynamic award chart and award miles now
will change based on demand and by change i mean mostly just increase they never really go down
when demand is low they only ever seem to go up and become inflated when demand is
higher and when demand is low they only ever seem to go up and become inflated when demand is
higher because you know capitalism so thanks to dynamic award pricing you can often end up paying
like 400 000 united miles for a one-way business class flight to japan flying on a united airplane
and if you do the quick math that's like four thousand dollars worth of points for a one-way
business class ticket to japan not a good deal at all but there are people out there booking it
however there are other ways which is that international
carriers are still for the most part using fixed award charts for their partners fixed as in it
costs a flat number of miles to fly from let's say america to japan that doesn't change based
on whatever their demand algorithm has calculated it out to be instead if you transferred your chase
points not to united but to virgin atlantic which is another star alliance partner you could use
those virgin miles to book a and a instead because a and a are not going to be able to book a and a
is also still part of star alliance and virgin's partner booking award chart is extremely good
so a partner booking with virgin means you use virgin miles that you transferred over to book
a flight that isn't with virgin it's with one of their partners in this case a and a the same way
you know with united you could use united miles to book a and a with virgin you can use virgin
miles because they're all part of star alliance that chart only charges forty five thousand
miles each way in business to fly with their partners so instead of you paying four hundred
thousand miles to fly with united you could be paying a tenth of that only pay forty five thousand
miles if you go through virgin instead it's the same chase points that you're transferring over
you're just transferring it to a different airline or maybe you don't have chase points but you have
amex points well amex can just transfer over to a and a directly and so you're just transferring
you could potentially book that same flight with a and a directly and a and a because they're based
in japan they have a better award chart just generally speaking because it's usually just
american airlines that are trying to squeeze every last dollar for shareholders in japan
they have a different kind of mentality about how corporations should work and it's actually
a more fair pricing system for their award travel and so you could book with a and a directly
that's another option it's a different cost and you can kind of see how the
already just for one route are starting to escalate like i did a full episode on a and a
bookings i did a follow-up episode a couple episodes ago on the updated rules in 2024 i mean
you really need like a full hour two hour episode to cover each specific route because each of those
episodes is backed by a lot of research like i spent probably 40 hours figuring out a and a
award bookings the first time which i then converted into an episode
and that latest episode another 10 20 hours to do the 2024 updates on a and a and j al first in
business class award bookings so you can see where the time investment comes in and why domestic
award bookings is like a little baby hill and international is a mountain thanks to all these
partner award permutations if at this point in the episode you've been just completely scared
off of
international award flight bookings don't worry there is good news coming the first piece of good
news is that booking international award flights follows the same kind of workflow as the domestic
flights you know you still start with google flights but once you figure out what the airlines
are that fly to where you want to go then it's more googling you know a lot of googling about
like how to book business class to japan how to book business class on a and a how to transfer
miles to virgin atlantic
it's a lot of reading of blogs of flyer talk threads of reddit and you know back in the day
you really needed to set aside a lot of time to research all of this but things have sort of
changed like the amount of research that you need to do is no longer as intensive as that and you
know in the past when i say in the past i mean just even a couple years ago there wasn't really
any way to avoid doing all that groundwork all that research and all that research and all that
research and all that studying you either just had to suck it up and pay whatever inflated price
united wants to charge or you had to go deep and just like spend a week in a hole figuring all of
this out and people myself included were down to do this because these international award bookings
tend to be the more aspirational bookings you know they're longer flights so you want to be
comfortable and they're generally more costly anyway but to fly business or first it's like
$25,000 if you paid cash so the potential opportunity of only having to pay like a hundred
thousand miles that's a huge value it's a thousand dollars worth of points versus paying like $25,000
if you paid in cash like what is that like 25 cents per point so 25x your one cent per point
baseline so yeah you were down to do it for big trips things like honeymoons like my honeymoon
over a decade ago now i probably spent like $25,000 on a flight and i was like oh my god i'm
going to spend 80 plus hours at least 30 40 hours of which were just on the phone with united like
actual time with headset next to my ear 30 40 hours because that includes their hold times
which at least back then was insane and i did it because i wanted to book an amazing trip for my
wife and i for our honeymoon and i only had united miles from my job as a consultant where i was
traveling around the u.s the company was paying for my flights and i didn't really even know about
i was like most people who had miles earning it the hard way and i researched all these partner
award rules the availability options spent so much time on flyer talk and this was before like travel
blogs and instagram and there was no tiktok so all that stuff was a little harder to find than it is
today but out of those 80 hours i was able to book like thai airways first class singapore business
we flew to thailand singapore japan the maldives
it was a massive trip and i used up all of the united miles that i had accumulated
as well as like half my sanity to just book all of this but now there are tools that basically
easy mode this mountain like they've built a gondola from the base to the top that you can
just sit on and these have only really come into play like in the last year at least for me i've
only been using them for a few months maybe they've been around for longer and i've had my
probably but i've been amazed by how useful these tools have been they've shaved off so much time
from the research aspect and they're finding new options for flight awards international flight
awards that i didn't even think of to then go research so for the second half of this episode
i'm just gonna go through this new favorite tool of mine points yeah and how it compares to some
of the other tools out there and how to integrate them and how to integrate them into your flight awards
and how to integrate it into the existing workflow and when you should use what tool for what purpose
the thing that's really important to understand when it comes to using these tools
are the different travel use cases that they apply towards so the two main use cases for travel i see
when it comes to like international flight awards or just flight awards in general are that there's
like two camps you know in one case it's like a flight award and in the other case it's like a
you've got folks that are down to really fly anywhere their destinations are flexible
their travel dates are flexible the main goal is just finding either the cheapest possible
flight using points or the most premium flight that you can fly whereas the other camp are folks
who have very specific destinations and dates in mind and their goal is just to either fly for free
or fly for free but ideally in a more comfortable cabin like business or
first and then they're going to be able to fly for free and they're going to be able to fly for
the difference or the distinction between those two camps is sort of the concept of building a trip
around your flight or building your flight around your trip and i'm mostly these days in the latter
camp where my flight needs to fit with my trips travel plans like the dates that i have in mind
and the places that i want to go because with most of us you either have jobs with set vacation
times or you either have a job that you want to go to and you either have a job that you want to go to
so you're traveling with family or you have pets where you need to find pet sitters for so you have
to book those in advance and you can't just be changing those dates constantly which is our
situation with our three dogs my dream one day is to just be a total nomad and we can just go
anywhere where the flights are cheap or anywhere where there's first class flight availability for
a good rate but the reality is we only take a few trips a year and so our goal is just to save money
when it comes to domestic travel and for international the goal is just to maximize
our comfort you know ideally we're flying in business or first on one of these like bucket
list type flight opportunities but if that doesn't pan out the dates and the places we're going to
are more important than the flight itself and that's not the case for everyone which is why i
that distinction because it affects the kinds of workflow that you use to find and book your
award travel so the
workflow we've mostly discussed today is if you have a specific trip with specific dates and a
specific destination in mind it's a different workflow if you are completely flexible and have
no preference because then you wouldn't start with google flights maybe you start with seats
dot aero which we'll cover in a little bit but for the folks that have a destination and dates
in mind points yeah which great name by the way solves i think the biggest
time
suck for most people which is research there's a massive knowledge gap when it comes to booking
award travel most of us don't know all the things you need to know in order to book the most optimal
award flight points yeah knows everything because they're a search engine they know which airlines
partner with which other airlines they know how much award flights cost whether you book directly
or with an airline's partner they know which credit card points
transfer to which airlines and which credit cards are running points transfer bonuses
all of that information is presented in a pretty easy to digest google flights like interface it's
like if google flights integrated award bookings into their search results and then gave you advice
on how to transfer the points that you need it really is that nice and easy like you just enter
your route the flight preferences you might have like how many passengers are flying how many
passengers are flying how many passengers are flying how many passengers are flying how many
passengers are flying what class of travel like economy or business or first you can even filter
by what credit card points you have or filter out specific airlines i usually just leave the credit
card points and the airlines things unfiltered so that i can see all the options and then you enter
your dates and you can search a date range a four day date range or eight days if you pay premium so
it doesn't have to be one specific date you can give it a range and the results load super fast
like in 10 to 20 seconds and it's searching across almost every airline including all the
partner permutations and it displays those results to you sorted by points cost from cheapest to more
expensive and it tells you which airline you need to transfer your miles to and which credit cards
can transfer to those airlines and it tells you if any of those credit cards are currently running
any transfer bonuses and it factors that
into the points cost that it displays to you pretty amazing and all of this is free it's
completely free to use you only pay for premium if you want to search an eight day date range
instead of just a four day date range so what would take hours before if you were searching
this manually at each individual airline's website now you get all the results almost
instantly and the best part is that it shows you
results that you wouldn't have even thought to go search for because it knows every possible
partner booking permutation even for domestic flights and that was the thing that really
convinced me that points yeah is the way like this is something you should 100 be using and
it's you know why i'm spending a good amount of this episode just talking about points yeah
is with these domestic partner award bookings because that's something i've kind of neglected
in my own regular manual workflow it just never seemed like it'd be worth the effort to do the
like amount of research you do for the international award mountain but do that for
domestic awards that never seemed that appealing to me because domestic awards generally are cheaper
anyway so even if you figure it out and you max it out to the most optimal booking through partners
you save like five thousand points or like ten thousand points you know whereas with international
you're saving like a hundred thousand points and then you save like a hundred thousand points and
points or 200,000 points. So the cost-benefit analysis there never really made sense for me
to do the studying needed to be good at booking domestic partner awards. For example, most
recently, I've been trying to book this flight from Denver to Dallas-Fort Worth. It's a positioning
flight so that I can fly on Japan Airlines first in business. So I just had to knock out this
domestic booking. So I figured business as usual. I looked on Google Flights and saw that only
United and American really fly nonstop between Denver and Dallas-Fort Worth. Usually I try and
fly Southwest because we have a companion pass, but Southwest doesn't fly to Dallas-Fort Worth,
at least not on that route. So I thought, okay, cool, United and American it is then. And I'd
prefer not to pay cash. So I'll book with points, but nothing transfers to American Airlines. I knew
this.
I built transfers to American Airlines and that partnership has ended recently as well. So the
only really way to get American Airlines miles now is to open an American Airlines credit card. And I
didn't really want to do that. So I ruled out that option and went with United. I'm like, United,
pretty easy to transfer miles to. You can transfer miles over from Chase. I went on United's website
to see how much the award flight would cost. Cost 15,000 miles. Pretty good. Cash rate was about 150.
So pretty comparable, but still worth it for us. We're trying to save cash because we're points
rich and hoarding cash for the whole fire thing. So my thought process then was just like, okay,
I could either transfer my Chase points or I could open the United business credit card because
currently I remember seeing on Doctor of Credit, there's an all-time high offer of 100,000 United
miles when you spend $5,000 on a new United business card. And business was appealing because
then it wouldn't affect my 524 status with credit cards, with Chase. Plus having some extra United
miles around would be useful in general because United is great for things like positioning
flights. And also they fly to a bunch of like random smaller airports that no one else really
flies to. And with the card, you get a free check bag, which would be useful for our snowboards.
So I thought, cool. All right, I'm going to open this United business card and added it to my list
of like churning to-dos. And that was sort of the way I was going to do it. So I went to United
and it was sort of my whole like process beginning to end. It took maybe like 30 minutes of research
and it was sort of the result of like me combining this workflow with my background knowledge on
United and credit cards. And I was pretty pleased with myself. You know, I had saved myself $150 or
300, if you include my wife too, all for the cost of opening one United business card. And I thought
it was a done and settled case until I started researching points here for this card. And I
because previously I'd only used point.me. I hadn't really dived that deep into point.year before
and I was exclusively using point.year for international award searches. But just kind of
for kicks, I decided to plug in my Dallas-Fort Worth-Denver route to see what would turn up.
And I'm sure you can guess what happened. It found better options. So a little pop quiz for
the more experienced travel hackers, the more experienced travel hackers, the more experienced
the Everest climbers listening to this episode, like what options do you think it returned that I
didn't think of? What options did it find that were not just booking directly with United or with
American Airlines? Okay, so the partial credit answer that I'm hoping everyone got is that it
found cheaper alternatives by booking using international partners instead of booking direct.
with the airlines. Because at the end of the day, United and American are still the only ones
flying direct. It can't materialize new planes to fly that route. But it can save you points by
routing your booking through different airlines. So it showed options where you transfer credit
card points to an international airline that's part of a partnership with United, so part of
Star Alliance, or part of a partnership with American.
And because those international airlines have cheaper partner award charts, you can book
domestic US travel with an airline that's not based in the US for less than you can book directly
with the US airline itself. I know, what a crazy system. But for the more experienced folks,
can you guess what airline it had me transfer to? If you guessed Etihad, you get a solid B+.
So Etihad is the national airline, I think, of United Arab Emirates. And I've heard in passing
before people transferring miles to Etihad so they can book American Airlines flights domestically
within the US because they're all part of the One World Alliance. But I'd never looked into it much
because I wasn't near an American Airlines hub. So I never did the research. But it makes sense
because American Airlines doesn't really have any credit card transfer partners anymore.
And so what you could do, though, as a workaround, was transfer miles to Etihad instead,
because Etihad does transfer from Amex and Capital One and Citi at a one-to-one rate.
That coupled with the fact that Etihad has a pretty good US partner award chart,
where these flights apparently only cost 12,000 miles versus United's 15,000 miles,
plus Capital One was running a 40% transfer promo.
So you get 40% extra points when you transfer from Capital One to Etihad, which I had no idea
about. But Poinsettia displays that in the search result, the end result being that the flight only
costs 9,000 miles. So pretty amazing option, but it gets better because that was the B-plus grade
answer. There's actually an even better option that it showed that I never would have thought
to even Google for. And maybe here's where we really separate.
from the hill climbers, right? Can you guess what the better option was for this Denver to
Dallas-Fort Worth route on American Airlines? That's the hint I'll give. It's with American
Airlines, but it's not booking through Etihad. And it's even cheaper than the Etihad partner
booking, even with the Capital One transfer bonus. The answer is booking American Airlines
via Iberia. Iberia is Spain's national airline.
And that only costs 8,250 miles as the flat rate instead of 9,000 miles with Etihad and 15,000 miles
with United. So basically half the price of the United award booking. And that was definitely not
on my radar at all to look at Iberia's American Airlines award chart. If it was on your award
chart and you'd answered it correctly, definitely A-plus to you. But I do wonder if maybe you know
this because you've either flown or you've never flown. So I'm going to ask you a question.
Have you flown the route before or you're an American Airlines diehard? So you know all the
ins and outs of the American Airlines system. But that goes back to, you know, how many other
routes like this with other programs are you not aware of that you haven't done the studying and
the research and put in the hours to truly understand all of the various ins and outs
and permutations that are possible? You can probably see now why points. Yeah, has become
a critical.
Part of my research workflow, instead of going to airlines one by one and looking up cost,
I now just use points. Yeah, instead. And oftentimes it unearths options that were
not even remotely on my mind. Previously, I'd tried using point.me to do this instead,
and I was just not that impressed. Point.me, I think is their closest competitor.
They function in the same way. They're meant to do the same thing.
Point.me looks super modern, like very slick, modern UI. But, you know, as the saying goes,
you can't polish a turd, but you can polish a turd. But then you just have a really shiny turd,
which sadly is sort of what point.me is. I mean, I could just recap some of the issues here,
which is that you can't search at all on point.me without making an account first. Points. Yeah,
you can just search immediately. You can go to points. Yeah, dot com. I'll link to all of this
in the show notes and just start.
Right now, point.me got to make an account. Once you've made an account, you only get
three free searches. Then if you want to do more than three searches, you either have to pay $5
for 24 hours of searches or $12 for the full month. I would consider paying if it wasn't
for the fact that it's also super slow. Like it takes a good two minutes for it to search
all of the various airline programs, whereas points. Yeah, under 20 seconds every time.
Coupled to the fact that point.me, you can't search a date range. You have to search each
date one by one. So if you're flexible on whether you fly out on a Friday or Thursday or a Saturday,
that would be three separate searches on point.me and you'd use up your three free searches and
you'd have to pay. That'd just be one search on points. Yeah. Additionally, it misses a lot of
options. Like even just on this Denver, Dallas, Fort Worth domestic route,
doesn't show the ETR option at all. Points. Yeah, it does show it. It just feels like it's
a lot more comprehensive on points. Yeah. Versus point.me. It really kind of just seems like
point.me's main goal now is shilling their full service paid concierge program where you pay $200
to have someone at point.me do the whole thing for you. Like they'll manage your booking for you,
which in theory, like seems maybe,
like palatable. Like I could consider paying 200 if it removed all of the stressors and they
did all this stuff and saved me hours of research. But unfortunately, they're not delivering on that
promise. There are multiple data points in our discord of folks who have used their concierge
service and the results were subpar at best. Like you can do better just searching yourself.
The people that they pay to do the searches for you were not particularly,
very responsive, didn't do a great job searching different permutations. Like there's just no
reason to pay for that service versus even just using point.me directly and spending the 20
minutes instead of spending $200. That coupled with just this constant, like trying to get you
to buy that service and then not letting you even search without an account and then giving you only
three searches. I mean, everything feels a little, little slimy. Like, does anyone,
does anyone know the history of point.me? Like how they started? Was it always like this?
Cause I don't. So I am genuinely like asking, like, did they get bought out by a hedge fund
or something? Like maybe they were good in the past, but then post buyout all the effort now
just seems to be going towards marketing and upselling the premium concierge instead of just
staying on top of actually improving the features and developing these features. Because it really
shows like points. Yeah. Has completely leapfrogged. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
It's completely free. Another tool that I did want to briefly touch on that's quite popular as well
is seats.aero. So seats.aero is interesting because it serves a totally different purpose
and it took me a while to understand that. And so initially I was disappointed with seats.aero
because it wasn't doing the thing that I wanted it to do, which is that I wanted to do what points.yeah
was doing, which has helped me.
find award tickets for a specific date to specific places. That is not what seats.aero is designed
for. And that's, I think what confuses a lot of people, myself included, because, you know,
you Google like best award search tool or whatever, you get Reddit threads and people will recommend
seats.aero alongside points.yeah. So you go into it thinking they serve the same purpose,
but everyone has different travel use cases. And so it's important to understand the
use case for seats.aero. The use case for seats.aero is for aspirational bookings. It's great
for finding these booking unicorns on like first-class cabins on ANA or Lufthansa,
where the purpose of your trip is the flight, not so much the destination or when you fly.
So seats.aero really shines for that use case because first-class seats are notoriously hard
to find. And so it's great for finding these booking unicorns on like first-class cabins on ANA or Lufthansa,
you want to be more flexible. So seats.aero lets you search these really broad search
criterias. Like you can just enter, I want to find flights from the United States as a whole
to Europe as a whole. And you'll just find availability for, I think the next two months
or 12 months if you pay for pro. So it's really like, you don't care where you fly out of,
or even really where you fly to, you just know the rough continent so that you can get that
first-class flight. They've got these pretty cool pre-built tools that will display first-class
availability on just a handful of really aspirational airlines like ANA, Lufthansa,
Qatar. And they'll let you see when and where you can fly out of to get on these flights.
And you can set alerts to get notified when one of these airlines dumps a bunch of seats.
They have a discord where you can set up alerts.
And you know, talk about different like flight options. It's really a perfect tool for nomads
or travel hackers or bloggers or, you know, people who have like a bucket list item to fly
in like ANA's The Room or Qatar's Q Suites. And it's less useful for folks who are trying to
plan a family vacation because quite often only one seat will pop up at a time and you need to
grab that one seat. So you're not going to find three or four seats for you, your wife and your
kids. Finally, another tool that serves a pretty different but important purpose is ExpertFlyer.
And that's a tool that's been around for quite a while. Like I was using it back when I was doing
mileage runs a decade ago. It looks like it was built in the 90s. Like the interface is very
old school, but it's still relevant because it performs a function really, really well.
The other tools don't. It's not a substitute for Point Sierra or Seats.Aero and vice versa.
But it is a very important tool to have because what it does is it helps alert you when an award
seat opens on a specific flight that you set the alerts for. So the use case there is, let's say,
you know, you're going to Japan, you know, roughly what date you're going to go, like you're going
to fly out on either a Thursday or a Friday. So there's only like three or four flights flying.
And you maybe have one business seat booked, but you need to get a second business seat for your
wife. And you have her in economy right now, but you want to bump her up to business. So you would
use ExpertFlyer to set an alert for when a business class seat becomes available on that
flight. And then you'll get notified when and if it opens up. So as far as I know, no other service
has as good of an access to that data that ExpertFlyer does.
I believe they pay for like specific licenses that give them access to instant top level data
on like seat availability and fare classes and all that stuff. No one else I think does it quite as
well. So most of us put up with their really old interface. And it's a useful tool, especially at
the end of your workflow. So once you've figured out all of your options, but something about your
booking is suboptimal, there's something you want to improve on, like let's say points. Yeah,
I found you the cheapest award flights in business, but there's only one seat and you need
two. Or if you have business booked, but you're like, I'd splurge more points to fly first, but
first isn't currently available. You would use ExpertFlyer to set up alerts to tell you the
instant one of those seats opens so that you can then go in and change your flight. It's great for
final optimizations like that versus using it near the beginning of the process and using that
as your service. And then you can go in and change your flight. And then you can go in and change
your flight. And then you can go in and change your flight. And then you can go in and change your
engine, which I think in theory is feasible. And I think what I had to used to do because
these other tools weren't available back in the day, but that no longer is the case. You should
be using points. Yeah. Or see sort error for that kind of a search. The other downside, other than
it just being like a really old interface that looks like it's from 1995, is that it also costs
$5 a month. And because you're setting up these alerts for flights that you're flying 9, 10,
11, 12 months.
In the future, you're most likely going to have to keep that subscription active so that you keep
getting alerts. So you're potentially paying for like 9, 10 months worth of that $5 subscription
up until your trip is done. And that's, I think, how most people use it is they have a trip in mind
for the final optimizations. They have some seats that they want to monitor.
And so they just pay for expert flyer and you just pay for it up until your trip actually departs.
But at the end of the day, you know, if it's the difference between you flying
a business class seat or a first class seat or your wife flying economy or business,
paying, you know, $5 a month for, let's say, 12 months, $60, totally worth it, right?
So between expert flyer, see sort error and points. Yeah. Those pretty much cover all of
my bases for booking award flights. I think they're like three must haves in your tool belt
and you use them depending on the specific situation that you're in and what you're trying to book.
That said, there is still a case for
doing some of these things manually and acquiring some knowledge over time for the routes that
matter to you and the routes that you fly the most often, because none of these tools are perfect.
They all miss different things. Even if you have all three of them, they each still miss
important things. For example, even points. Yeah. They have a page on their website that
explains some of the things they miss, like just kind of a forewarning just due to the way
award systems and flights are structured. Like points. Yeah.
Don't show Southwest options, for example, because no one can show Southwest award options
because Southwest doesn't allow it. That's why Google flights also doesn't show Southwest award
or cash options. You know, Southwest basically sues anyone who tries to show any of their search
results outside of just being shown on Southwest.com. So you won't be able to find some
routes like that. And points. Yeah. Also won't find like hacks, like adding a leg to the end of
your itinerary to help reduce the amount of money that you're going to be spending. So that's why
overall award price. That's definitely something you can do for some airlines. It won't help you
maximize your stopovers and your open jaws. You know, it doesn't tell you that this airline lets
you do five stopovers and this airline lets you do a stopover on a one way flight, but the other
airline only lets you do it on a round trip flight. Stuff like that is stuff that you sort of have to
just learn over time. And it also doesn't show like cash rates that well.
It shows some cash rates next to the award rates. So you can do a comparison right then and there,
but I only see it on like 50% of the results. So you still have to compare it to Google flights.
If you want to figure out like the value that you're getting. So doing some bits manually is
still, I think in your best interest, maybe there is some tool that does all of it now. I mean,
there's so many tools out there and now a lot of tools I didn't cover, you know,
only covered three of them here, but I will link to a Google sheet that duck fan,
one-on-one kindly shared with us on the discord that compares all of the various tools out there
right now. I think there's like 10, 20 columns of different tools and the features of each.
And I think the price of each, if you have a favorite that isn't one of the ones I mentioned,
definitely let me know, leave a comment and make sure you let me know why you like it better
than one of these other three options or what gap it fills that the other three options does not
fill. I'm always kind of looking to expand or replace some of the tools in my award travel
tool belt. If there's something better out there for the job, but the big TLDR here is that these
tools can save you a ton of time and will often get you 80% of the way to the finish line with
only 20% of the work, which is ideal. And whether you want to dedicate another 80% effort just to
optimize everything all the way up to the max, that's up to you. Like it might make sense for
a big trip, like a honeymoon, but you may want to just let it go for domestic flights where,
you know, optimizing 80% of the way with only spending like five, 10 minutes doing a pointy
air search. That's probably enough, you know, and I definitely encourage you to read the post I made
called the optimizer's curse over the holidays a couple months back. If you're someone who struggles
with over optimization, like I do. All right, everyone, that's it for this episode. Hopefully
you found it helpful. If you're brand new to award bookings, hopefully this inspires you to
go out there and book your first one. If you're new to award bookings, hopefully this inspires you
instead of paying with cash. If you're pretty experienced already, hopefully some of these
tools are new to you and you can integrate that into your workflow. But as always, if you enjoyed
this episode, please do share it with a friend that might find it helpful as well. Most people
find this podcast just through word of mouth, so really appreciate it when you pass it on.
But otherwise, I'll catch you all next time for the March monthly recap. Thanks again for tuning in.
See ya.
I'll catch you all next time. Bye.
